Title: Guangdong film 'Into The Mortal World' wins over audiences at 2025 Indonesia China Film Exhibition | GDToday
Date: None
URL: https://www.newsgd.com/node_99363c4f3b/f29b23408f.shtml

The 2025 Indonesia-China Film Exhibition, held in Jakarta from January 14 to 16, screened five Chinese films, with the Guangzhou-producedInto The Mortal Worldhighly reviewed by local audiences.
2025 Indonesia-China Film Exhibition (Photo: WinSing)
As part of the celebrations for the 75th anniversary of diplomatic relations between China and Indonesia, the film exhibition, organized by the China National Film Administration and the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia, attracted large audiences from both the local Indonesian and Chinese communities.
As the only Guangdong film featured in the exhibition,Into The Mortal Worldwas produced by WinSing Animation in Guangzhou and premiered in China in July 2024. It has since earned a strong rating of 7.9 out of 10 on Douban, China's renowned review platform known for its discerning audience.
Poster ofInto the Mortal World(Image: WinSing)
The film follows a celestial being who descends to Earth and then accidentally finds his lost sister, with whom he experiences complex human emotions and struggles. As the protagonists navigate love, betrayal, and self-discovery, the film immerses viewers in the fascinating world of Chinese star constellation mythology, blending ancient cultural symbols with stunning animation to offer a captivating, otherworldly experience.
The emotions in the film had transcended language barriers, moving Indonesian audiences. During a screening on January 16, a girl with hearing impairments was moved to tears. "We were moved by the emotional bond between the brother and sister and their spirit of love and sacrifice," explained the girl's mother.
Derisa G. Karson from RTV, an Indonesian TV station, remarked after watching the film, "This is a heartwarming family story with a smooth narrative and rounded characters. And through the film, I also learned a lot about Chinese folklore and traditional culture."
Since its overseas release in August 2024,Into The Mortal Worldhas been screened in over 40 countries and regions. According to WinSing, the film will soon be screened in the Philippines and Vietnam, with a recent screening at the 11th Kolkata International Children's Film Festival on January 25, 2025.
Reporter | Chen Siyuan
Image | WinSing
Editor | Hu Nan, James, Shen He