Title: Zhongshan to keep upgrading industries and creating livable environment | GDToday
Date: None
URL: https://www.newsgd.com/node_99363c4f3b/2bad29731c.shtml

The third session of the 14th Guangdong Provincial People's Congress is being held in Guangzhou from January 15 to January 18.
During the meeting, the second press conference, themed on rural revitalization, was held on January 17. Leaders from cities in the Pearl River Delta and eastern Guangdong introduced their cities' performances at the press conference.
When answering GDToday's question, Zhongshan's Mayor Xiao Zhanxin indicated that Zhongshan has held a series of music festivals, art festivals, concerts, and sports events, especially as more people come to Zhongshan after the launch of the Shenzhen-Zhongshan Link.
"Zhongshan has published supportive policies for companies in traditional industries such as home appliances, furniture, lighting, and clothing to carry out technological transformation. At present, Zhongshan is accelerating its pace toward digital, intelligent, and green transformation and development," said Xiao.
Xiao introduced that Zhongshan is also putting efforts into creating a livable environment by controlling and preventing water pollution in rivers, increasing green areas, and more.
"The government of Zhongshan will continue to improve the environment of the city so that people will choose to live and work in Zhongshan," said Xiao.
Sun Zhiyang, deputy to the Guangdong Provincial People's Congress, as well as Mayor of Guangzhou, indicated that Guangzhou plans to develop rural areas by promoting the development of new-quality productivity.
"The drone company Ehang received a production license, type certificate, and standard airworthiness certificate last year, as well as Xpeng Aeroht, the first company focused on Urban Air Mobility, which has set its smart factory in Guangzhou," said Sun.
Wang Hui, deputy to the Guangdong Provincial People's Congress, as well as Mayor of Meizhou, said that the launch of the Meizhou-Longchuan High-speed Railway has reduced the travel time to 100 minutes between Meizhou and the cities in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.
"Meizhou will promote the construction of the Wuping-Meizhou High-Speed Railway and Ruijin-Meizhou High-Speed Railway to build a 2-hour economic circle to the Greater Bay Area," said Wang.
Reporter: Yuan Zixiang, Liu Xiaodi
Photo: Guo Hongda
Editor: Ouyang Yan, James, Shen He