Title: Editorial | Xi leaves Macau in no doubt of responsibility it shares with HK on national development | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:6:15am, 21 Dec 2024
URL: https://www.scmp.com/opinion/article/3291800/xi-leaves-macau-no-doubt-responsibility-it-shares-hk-national-development

Stability and prosperity stressed as former Portuguese city marks 25th anniversary of return to China and inaugurates new leader
Having returned to Chinese rule in 1999, two years after Hong Kong, Macau has been touted as a better showcase of “one country, two systems”. So when the former Portuguese city marked its 25th anniversary as a special administrative region with a high-profile visit by President Xi Jinping and the inauguration of a new administration, there was much to consider for all concerned.
Coming at the crossroads of a new stage of development, the keynote speech by Xi offered timely guidance on the way forward. Topping the four reminders to help maintain long-term stability and prosperity is the need for Macau and Hong Kong to uphold national security and put China’s interests above all.
As well as pursuing high-quality development, creating new momentum for growth and promoting the core values of patriotism, tolerance and harmony, it is also necessary to expand internationally with a “more open and inclusive attitude”. “Hong Kong and Macau will become more beautiful as international metropolises,” Xi said.
He also said Macau’s achievement underlined the institutional strengths and strong vitality of one country, two systems, which “should be maintained for a long time”. Embodying the ideology of peace, tolerance, openness and sharing, the unique governance model put forward by late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping in the early 1980s has not only provided a practical solution to historical issues and a solid foundation for the prosperity and stability of both cities, but also helped build a stronger country and contributed to national rejuvenation.
“This is a good system for realising the peaceful coexistence and cooperation of different social systems,” Xi said. “It is for China but also for the world that should be defended together”.