Title: EMBA and DBA programmes are evolving to meet the needs of today’s business leaders, from educators to senior executives from various industries | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:5:03pm, 16 Jan 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/special-reports/article/3295041/emba-and-dba-programmes-are-evolving-meet-needs-todays-business-leaders-educators-senior-executives

They are focused on developing and enhancing leadership skills, while embracing emerging technologies like AI and promoting sustainability
Just like its MBA sibling, Executive MBA (EMBA) and Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) programmes need to adapt to today’s business world, so that the target audience of senior executives have the right tools.
However, unlike MBA students who generally have less experience and are often looking to switch industries or develop leadership skills, EMBA candidates are more established, with many having 10 years or more experience in the workplace, and looking to enhance existing leadership skills.
“We are seeking individuals who are driven, visionary and ready to take their leadership to the next level,” says Professor Chu Junhong, programme director for Hong Kong University (HKU)’s EMBA – International Stream.
In addition, most EMBA programmes are part-time to allow their cohorts to remain in full-time work, especially as they tend to be mature students with more to juggle in their lives.
“The participants’ average age is 43 years old [with] around 20 years of work experience,” says Dr Andrew Yuen, principal lecturer and director of the EMBA Programme at Chinese University Hong Kong (CUHK). This diverse cohort includes both seasoned business owners and senior executives who are navigating the complexities of corporate leadership and professionals from various industries, including doctors, lawyers, architects, actuaries and engineers.
“These students share a common goal: to enhance their understanding of business principles and leadership strategies that complement their technical expertise,” says Yuen. “They come to learn something practical so as to apply in their workplace.”
And then there is the DBA programme that sits in the upper echelon of business administration courses.
“There are two primary types of students in the DBA programme. They can be lecturers, instructors or educators in business disciplines at universities or colleges. They seek to obtain a doctoral qualification to enhance their academic credentials, advance their teaching careers, and contribute original research to the field of business administration,” says Dr Bryan Chiu Weisheng, head of management and strategy, and associate professor at Hong Kong Metropolitan University (HKMU)’s Lee Shau-kee School of Business and Administration.