Title: From cannibal to influencer: Indonesia’s Hannibal Lecter finds redemption on social media | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:6:44pm, 16 Jan 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/week-asia/people/article/3295067/cannibal-influencer-indonesias-hannibal-lecter-finds-redemption-social-media

Once feared for his cannibalistic past, Sumanto now inspires followers on Instagram with motivational content, fitness routines, and ‘mukbang’ videos
More than two decades ago, he was one of Indonesia’s most feared men. Now, he has transformed into a social media influencer, known for sharing motivational quotes that inspire many.
In 2003, Sumanto’s arrest sent shock waves across the nation when the corpse of an elderly woman was discovered in his home in Purbalingga, Central Java, just hours after she had been buried. Investigators later found him guilty of cannibalism for consuming not only one – but two other bodies while working at a sugar cane plantation in Lampung in southern Sumatra.
He claimed that his interest in black magic drew him into cannibalism, believing that consuming human flesh would increase his supernatural powers, The Jakarta Post reported. The grotesque nature of his crimes, and his motives for doing so, earned Sumanto the reputation of being Indonesia’s very own Hannibal Lecter.
Following his release in 2006 and being ostracised in his hometown, he sought rehabilitation and later found redemption through social media. Now, with more than 18,000 Instagram followers, he collaborates with a team to create content featuring fitness routines, feeding fish, and live eating broadcasts, commonly known asmukbang.
But more than his daily activities, his inspirational messages attract followers, intrigued with the stark contrast of his cannibalistic past.
“His content is not only interesting but also beneficial. His words inspire me, especially as a student,” said Nunung Rahmawati, who was quoted in the Jakarta Globe.
“He’s become a brand ambassador and gained thousands of followers. It’s impressive.”