Title: How Hong Kong schools are going beyond academics to help students cultivate a charitable spirit | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:7:00am, 20 Dec 2024
URL: https://www.scmp.com/special-reports/article/3291214/how-hong-kong-schools-are-going-beyond-academics-help-students-cultivate-charitable-spirit

Through partnerships with NGOs, students are being taught the importance of connecting with and giving back to their local communities
Hong Kong’s international schools have much to be proud of – from their world-leading academic achievements to their reputation around the world. But outside academia, schools across the city are finding other causes for celebration. In recent years many of the city’s schools have been turning their attention to charitable endeavours and giving back to their local communities.
Hong Kong International School (HKIS) is one such institution. “We aim to learn, listen, connect, empower and serve as partners with the community,” explains Lindsay Ernst, service learning coordinator at HKIS.
In practice, this approach sees students working with over 35 Hong Kong-based NGO partners, such as the Christian Action Centre for Refugees, Love21, Sai Kung Stray Friends, The Nesbitt Centre, Mother’s Choice and the Children’s Cancer Foundation.
Schools take various approaches to fundraising and charitable outreach. In January 2024, students at Island School took part in the annual Weez Walk, a 60-kilometre coastal trail across Hong Kong’s scenic landscape. The event is a personal one for many Island School students, as it was established in memory of a former ESF student, Jamie Bruno, who lost his life to suicide in 2017. Bruno’s parents set up the Weez Walk to raise awareness of the warning signs of suicide to help prevent further tragedies. This year’s walk saw more than 60 participants taking part from the ESF community, including teachers, students and family members, raising a total of HK$80,000.
Students in Island School’s Rutherford House adopted a wide range of approaches for its annual charity week this year. Taking place from September 16-20, students participated in a charity bake sale and a sponsored conga dance, hosted a charity carnival and revived the annual Splat the Teacher event, which raised more than HK$50,000 for Island School Trust and Impact HK, a Hong Kong-based NGO dedicated to helping those experiencing homelessness in the city.
Upper primary and middle school students at HKIS come together each year in support of the school’s annual St Baldrick’s event, raising awareness and funds to fight childhood cancer. Last year over HK$1 million was raised in support of the Hong Kong Children’s Cancer Foundation and this year – which marks the 19th annual event – students will shave their heads to raise both awareness and funds for childhood cancer research.
At HKIS, the school holds a month-long student-led initiative centred around gratitude and giving. Working with local charities, there is a focus on empowerment and raising empathy as well as awareness. “To go beyond donations, we produced videos sharing the stories of those we were serving, and thought about how we were building up a story between each event,” says Ernst.