Title: Letters | Fostering jailed dads’ bonds with their children is worthwhile | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:2:30pm, 11 Jan 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/opinion/letters/article/3294227/fostering-jailed-dads-bonds-their-children-worthwhile

Readers discuss a Hong Kong programme for incarcerated parents, and how to play safe on claw machines
A working paper based on Swedish data noted that incarceration of a parent in childhood leads to significant increases in teen crime and pregnancy, and a significant decrease in early-life employment.
Our project is not only heartwarming but also crucial for the rehabilitation and reintegration of these individuals. Implementing such efforts is challenging due to the barriers within Hong Kong’s system, yet the impact, even on a relatively small number of parents, is profound.
A key aspect of this programme is the mandatory group intervention delivered by SideBySide, with support from the Correctional Services Department. This intervention focuses on teaching parenting skills and helping incarcerated parents understand their roles and identities before interacting with their children. The interactions are observed and documented by the HKU research team so that evidence-based rehabilitation services can be generated for incarcerated parents in Hong Kong.
The changes brought about by this programme extend beyond the incarcerated parents. Correctional officers, children and caregivers also experience positive transformations. As members of the research team, we have listened to the experiences of the fathers taking part in the programme. We have witnessed how this initiative has enhanced brotherly support among the participating fathers, encouraging them to be on their best behaviour before their children’s next visit. The genuine smiles of the caregivers and children, along with the happy tears of the social workers, reflect the positive impact of the programme.
The goal of this initiative is to drive the desistance movement in Hong Kong. By supporting incarcerated parents in their journey towards personal growth and resilience, we aim not only to reduce recidivism but also to promote a more compassionate and supportive society.