Title: Meet Bonnie Rotten, the 5th wife of Sandra Bullock’s ex Jesse James: The former adult film star just filed for divorce from James after accusing him of abuse, and has a son named Bishop with him | South China Morning Post
Date: Nov 30 , 2024
URL: https://www.scmp.com/magazines/style/entertainment/article/3288720/meet-bonnie-rotten-5th-wife-sandra-bullocks-ex-jesse-james-former-adult-film-star-just-filed-divorce

The couple married in 2022 but recently accused each other of abuse, leading to temporary restraining orders; meanwhile, Rotten, a former adult film star, is also a strong advocate for gun rights
James met Rotten (whose real name is Alaina Hicks) in 2021 and the couple tied the knot a year later. Mere months after their wedding, Rotten filed for divorce, accusing James of cheating on her, per US Weekly. Days later she withdrew the petition, only to refile that same week.
Then the couple welcomed their first child together, son Bishop, in 2023, and things seemed to be going well for the pair.
For James’ birthday in April this year, Rotten shared a cute photo of the TV personality with the caption: “I know you aren’t big on birthdays but I will never stop celebrating you! I’m just so excited all the time about you! I love you so much, thank you for being my rock and my confidant! Our kids have such a special man in you. I hope today is special as can be.”
Unfortunately, the good times did not last long. Earlier this month, TMZ reported that both James and Rotten had accused each other of abuse and filed temporary restraining orders. Rotten filed for divorce and alleged that James, 51, slapped and punched her, according to Page Six. Meanwhile, James accused the former adult film actress of trying to break his finger early in their relationship and poking a hole in his neck with her fingernails on another occasion.
Here’s everything you need to know about Jesse James’ perhaps soon-to-be fifth ex-wife, Bonnie Rotten:
Bonnie Rotten was born in May 1993 in Cincinnati, Ohio. Growing up, she said she dreamed of appearing on the pages of Hustler,an American pornographic magazine. “Hustler is everything in Ohio,” Rotten said in an interview with Recoil. “It’s a huge deal. The nude part wasn’t.”