Title: Meet Gabriela Berlingeri: Bad Bunny’s Puerto Rican ex is a model and jewellery designer who sang on several of the hitmaker’s songs – so is he back with her after dating Kendall Jenner in 2023? | South China Morning Post
Date: Jan 15 , 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/magazines/style/entertainment/article/3294821/meet-gabriela-berlingeri-bad-bunnys-puerto-rican-ex-model-and-jewellery-designer-who-sang-several

Berlingeri and Bad Bunny met at a restaurant in Puerto Rico in 2017, but only went public in 2020 – then they split in 2022 and Bad Bunny began dating Kendall Jenner … but they might be back on
Despite getting together in 2017, the pair kept things under wraps until they were first spotted together at a basketball game in Miami in February 2020. Despite playing coy at first, they soon made their relationship public. By May, Bad Bunny was discussing it while promoting his second album,Yo Hago Lo Que Me Da La Gana(I Do Whatever I Want) in a Rolling Stone interview, which was accompanied by photographs taken by Berlingeri. “I wanted to highlight all my favourite things about him,” Berlingeri said, articulating her love for him.
Bad Bunny’s relationship with Jenner soon fizzled out and fans were left wondering if he’d revived his relationship with Berlingeri when they were filmed stepping out in LA last March. There’s been no official confirmation either way, though it’s possible they’re once again keeping things low-key for now.
Curious about Bad Bunny’s former – and perhaps rekindled - flame? Here’s what you need to know about Gabriela Berlingeri.
Bad Bunny and Berlingeri’s love story began at a restaurant in April 2017. After performing as a surprise guest at a Zion and Lennox concert in Puerto Rico, Bad Bunny was dining at the restaurant with his family when he ran into Berlingeri. The pair hit it off and soon began dating.
They kept the relationship below the radar for about three years before going public in 2020, when they were seen together for the first time at a Miami basketball game, according to LATV.