Title: Meet Matt Manda, husband of Donald Trump’s new UN envoy Elise Stefanik: the one-time political staffer, now a pro-gun activist, met his wife through friends in 2012 and married her in 2017 | South China Morning Post
Date: Nov 14 , 2024
URL: https://www.scmp.com/magazines/style/entertainment/article/3286580/meet-matt-manda-husband-donald-trumps-new-un-envoy-elise-stefanik-one-time-political-staffer-now-pro

Manda urged Americans to vote for Trump – and pro-gun policies – in the lead-up to the US elections; now there are concerns that he could wield his influence on his wife
Stefanik confirmed she had accepted the offer, releasing a statement applauding Trump. “President Trump’s historic landslide election has given hope to the American people and is a reminder that brighter days are ahead – both at home and abroad. America continues to be the beacon of the world, but we expect and must demand that our friends and allies be strong partners in the peace we seek.”
Stefanik was one of Trump’s major supporters during his first impeachment and was even rumoured to have been considered as Trump’s running mate for the Republican ticket. Despite having almost no foreign policy experience, Stefanik will be heavily involved in international affairs in her new role.
While Stefanik will face significant scrutiny as her new appointment is confirmed, it’s her husband who’s coming under the microscope. Matt Manda is a known pro-gun activist and there are concerns about his having access to a high-profile member of the new Trump administration.
But who is Matt Manda?
Manda is the manager of public affairs for the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), a trade group with a mandate to “promote, protect and preserve hunting and the shootings sports”. The group considers itself a voice of the gun industry, writing on its website that it “stands in defence of every segment of our industry on Capitol Hill and in state capitols nationwide”.
Gun-control laws are always a controversial matter in the US. According to the Gun Violence Archive, there were 656 mass shootings in the country in 2023. With 2024 an election year, gun control was a hot topic for politicians and access to a pro-gun lobbyist could have been beneficial to Stefanik.