Title: Who is Raina Chassagne, ex-wife of Tory Lanez, who shot Megan Thee Stallion in the foot? She’s a digital creator on Facebook and TikTok, and the mother of Lanez’s son | South China Morning Post
Date: Jan 15 , 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/magazines/style/entertainment/article/3294792/who-raina-chassagne-ex-wife-tory-lanez-who-shot-megan-thee-stallion-foot-shes-digital-creator

Tory Lanez, serving a 10-year sentence for injuring the ‘Otaku Hot Girl’ singer outside Kylie Jenner’s mansion, saw his marriage last less than a year before Chassagne filed for divorce
And that’s not the end of Lanez’s tribulations. Lanez, real name Daystar Shemuel Shua Peterson, has been serving a 10-year jail sentence since 2023. Before reporting for prison he married Raina Chassagne in June that year, per Billboard, but the couple separated in June 2024 after Chassagne filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences.
So what do we know about Raina Chassagne, who once called Lanez an “ambitious and trusting person”, per the Daily Mail and who hoped for a lighter sentence for him?
Raina Chassagne hails from Miami, Florida, but is now based in nearby Miramar, per her Facebook profile. She once posted a photo on the platform with the sticker “Made in Haiti”, hinting at possible roots in the Caribbean country. Chassagne attended Everglades High School and later West Broward High School in Florida, graduating in 2013. She pursued higher education at Broward College.
According to People, Chassagne shares a son, seven-year-old Kai’lon, with Tory Lanez. He was born in April 2017. During his father’s 2022 trial, Kai’lon was often spotted in court and even visited him at the California Correctional Institution in Tehachapi last year, before his mother filed for divorce, per Page Six. Billboard reports that Chassagne sought sole legal and physical custody of their son, with Lanez being allowed visiting rights. She did not immediately choose spousal support but reserved that call for later.