Title: Why international kindergartens are bucking the wider trend of school closures in Hong Kong | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:5:08pm, 3 Jan 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/special-reports/article/3293311/why-international-kindergartens-are-bucking-wider-trend-school-closures-hong-kong

Despite facing record low enrolments in 2025, the city’s international schools are continuing to expand to meet the demands of modern parents
Hong Kong is well known for its densely packed population, but one place that may be less crammed than usual next year is kindergarten. Due to long-declining birth rates, figures suggest that the territory’s kindergartens expect to face a significant enrolment dip in 2025, after a record low birth rate in 2022.
Only 32,500 newborns were recorded that year compared to 33,200 babies in 2023 – the second lowest number on record since data became available in 1960. According to Felix Yan Ho-on, chairman of the Hong Kong Early Childhood Educators Association, 18 preschools have already closed in the current term, and 30 more could close or be forced to cut down on teaching staff in 2025 due to reduced government subsidies.
As Hong Kong’s 2022 babies prepare to enter K1 in September 2025, the preschool sector across all districts could face record-low applications and enrolments within the coming two years.
However, despite these dire figures, several Hong Kong institutions have continued to open up new kindergartens and early childhood education centres. One of them is Cosmic Education Group (CEG), the largest operator of Montessori schools in Asia, which has announced four new Guidepost Montessori campuses in Hong Kong.
Located in Mid-Levels, Repulse Bay and Sai Kung, the group now runs a total of 27 campuses across Singapore, Bali, mainland China and Hong Kong. The two Mid-Levels locations on Caine Road include one Guidepost Montessori campus and one Family Club just opposite, featuring a range of programmes for parents, infants and toddlers – plus a 5,000 sq ft outdoor play area and neighbourhood cafe. Boasting sea views, the Repulse Bay location sits across from The Pulse shopping centre, while the Guidepost Montessori in Sai Kung is tucked in the Marina Cove development.
“We are thrilled to celebrate the grand opening of these four new Guidepost Montessori campuses in Hong Kong, providing more families with access to exceptional Montessori education,” says Steve Xu, CEO and founder of Cosmic Education Group. “This strategic expansion further extends our reach in the region and our commitment to fostering supportive communities and empowering children to reach their full potential.”
When asked if the low birth rate posed any challenges to their operations, a CEG representative said, “We see [the record-low birth rates] as an opportunity to rethink how we serve today’s parents and children. In an ever-changing world, today’s parents are more discerning when it comes to choosing a school for their child. Modern parents are looking for more than just academic success; they seek schools where all their children’s cognitive, emotional and developmental needs are supported.”
“Our decision to open four new Guidepost Montessori campuses reflects the demand from our growing community of over 2,000 families across our network. We remain optimistic about the future and are dedicated to supporting the growth of our students and their families in Hong Kong.”