Title: Awards and Achievements | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/eng/hktb/about/awards-achievements.html

Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB) regularly receive awards and accolades from the international media and the travel industry. Below is a selection of the most recent awards.
The HKTB has won the following awards in the HKMA/ViuTV & Now TV Awards for Marketing Excellence 2021:
The HKTB won the following awards in the PATA Gold Awards 2021:
The HKTB won 5 awards in the Marketing Events Awards 2021:
In addition, the HKTB also won the “Festival or Public Event” Award in the “Best Consumer Campaign” category of the The micebook V Awards 2021.
The HKTB won the following award in the DigiZ Awards 2021:
The HKTB won the following award in the ARC Awards 2021:
The HKTB won the following award in the INMA Global Media Awards 2021:
The HKTB won 2 awards in the Eventex Awards 2021:
The HKTB won 2 awards in the Questar Awards 2021:
The HKTB won 3 awards in the 2021 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards:
The HKTB Annual Report 2019/20 – Embracing Challenges won the Silver Award in the Non-Profit Organisations–Online Annual Reports category of the Astrid Awards 2021.
DiscoverHongKong.com won the Silver award in the Website Stream category of the Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme (WARS) 2020-2021.
2020 Hong Kong WinterFest won the Bronze award in the Best Virtual Event Experience category of the Event Marketing Awards 2021.
The HKTB won two awards in the Mercury Awards 2020/21:
The HKTB has been ranked as the top National Tourism Board in the provision of Online Muslim Travel Resources in 2020 by famous tourism industry consultancy firm Pear Anderson.
The HKTB won 3 awards in the Galaxy Awards 2020.
In the Best of the Decade Awards, run by online travel magazine Smart Travel Asia, Hong Kong was voted “Best City for Meetings” in Asia.
The HKTB won 4 awards in the Marketing Events Awards 2020:
The HKTB won 6 awards in the MARKies Awards 2020:
Hong Kong Arts Month 2019 was the winner at The Spark Awards 2020 for the category Best Media Campaign—Out-of-Home.
The HKTB Annual Report 2018/19 – Best of all, it’s in Hong Kong – won the Silver Award in the Innovation—Annual Reports category of the 2020 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards.
The HKTB Annual Report 2018/19 – Best of all, it’s in Hong Kong – won the Honors Award in the Non-Profit Organisation—Online Annual Report category of the ARC Awards 2020.
The HKTB Visitor Centre won the award of “Travelers Choice 2020” from TripAdvisor.
The HKTB was voted “Top 10 Most Influential Oversea Enterprise” in the SINA Weibo Starlight Awards 2019.
The HKTB won 3 awards in the Questar Awards 2020, one of them the Grand Award:
The HKTB won 3 awards in the Astrid Awards 2020, one of them Grand Award:
The HKTB won 10 awards in the Mercury Awards 2019/2020, 2 of them Grand Awards:
The HKTB won 4 awards in the HSMAI (Hospitality, Sales & Marketing Association International) Adrian Awards 2019:
The HKTB won 16 awards in the Kam Fan Awards 2019.
The HKTB won 14 awards in the iNova Awards 2019:
Hong Kong won the Best MICE Destination in the Travel + Leisure India Best Awards 2019.
HKTB - Building Connections won the Bronze Award in the Best use of infographics category of the Native Advertising Awards 2019.
The HKTB won the Excellent Booth Award in the 2019 China International Travel Mart.
The HKTB won the Excellent Organization Award in the 2019 China International Travel Mart.
The HKTB won 13 awards in the Galaxy Awards 2019:
The HKTB won 4 awards in the Marketing Excellence Awards 2019, organised by Marketing magazine.
Hong Kong was awarded “Asia's Leading Meetings & Conference Destination” in the World Travel Awards 2019.
HKTB - Building Connections won the Gold Award in the Best Native Advertising / Branded Content Campaign category of the Digital Media Asia Awards 2019.
The HKTB won 3 awards in the PATA Grand and Gold Awards 2019:
The HKTB won 4 awards in the Travel Weekly Magellan Awards 2019:
The HKTB won 6 awards at the 2019 Hong Kong Effie Awards:
Hong Kong Shingo Art won the Japan Tourism Awards organised by the Tourism EXPO Japan in the “Field of Outbound Travel – Regional” category.
The HKTB won the Best Organisation Award in the CITIE 2019.
The HKTB Annual Report 2017/18 – Best of all, it’s in Hong Kong – won the Gold Award in the Non-Profit Organization Online Annual Report category of the ARC Awards 2019.
The 10th Edition of Hong Kong Wine and Dine Festival won the Bronze Award in the Best Result-Driven Campaign category of the PR Awards 2019, organised by Marketing Magazine.
“Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival 2018” won the Gold Award in the “Best Large Event” category in the Marketing Events Awards 2019.
In the 2019 Best In Travel Poll, run by online travel magazine Smart Travel Asia, Hong Kong was voted one of the “Top 10 Best Cities for Meetings” and “Top 10 Holiday Destinations” in Asia.
The HKTB Annual Report 2017/18 – Best of all, it’s in Hong Kong – won the Gold Award in the Corporate Publications category of the PR Awards Asia 2019.
Hong Kong was voted one of the “Top Asia Cruise Destinations” in the Cruisers’ Choice Destination Awards 2019, organised by Cruise Critics.
The HKTB won the MICE Travel Service Contribution Award in the World Direct Selling Brand Festival 2019.
The HKTB Visitor Centre was recognised by the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2019 for providing top-notch service to visitors. One HKTB staff member was awarded a Certificate of Appreciation in the following award category:
The HKTB won 2 awards in the 4th Hong Kong Public Relations Awards (2018):
The HKTB was awarded the “2019 Certificate of Excellence” by TripAdvisor in recognition of the staff’s excellence in providing visitor services.
The HKTB won 13 awards in the Questar Awards 2019, 2 of them are Grand Awards:
“Discover Hong Kong Like a Local x Jackson Wang” won the Silver Award in the “Travel” category in the 2018/2019 Tiger Roar Awards.
The My Hong Kong Guide app won the Merit Award in the Public Sector category of the Asia Smart App Awards 2018/2019, organised by the Hong Kong Wireless Technology Industry Association (WTIA).
HKTB’s Greater Bay Area Showcase and Hong Kong Pavilion design received 3 awards in the 2019 Astrid Awards.
The HKTB won 2 awards in Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards 2019:
The HKTB scooped 30 awards in the Astrid Awards 2019 and 5 of them are Grand Awards:
The HKTB won 3 awards in the MARKies Awards 2019:
Sham Shui Po – Every Bit of Local won the Platinum Award of the “Best of The Best – Use of Media” category in MTR advertising in The Best of the Best Awards 2018.
The HKTB won the Best Digital Presence of International Tourism Board in Times Travel Awards 2019 as a recognition of its excellent destination marketing work in Indian market by the Indian leading media publication,Times of India.
Hong Kong won the Most Popular Domestic Destination and the Most Popular Food Destination awards in the 2018 Ctrip.
Hong Kong won the Most Attractive Tourist Destination Award, presented by the 2019 GITF Organising Committee.
The HKTB’s visitor services contact centre won a Silver Award in the Best in Class Digital Contact Centre category of the 2019 Customer Contact Week Asia Excellence Awards.
The HKTB’s Seoul office won the Best National Tourism Office award in the 2019 True Partner Awards, organised by Korea Travel Times.
The HKTB won 16 awards in the 2018/19 Mercury Awards, including:
HKTB won the Most Unique Booth Design in the 26th TravelTour Expo 2019 in the Philippines.
HKTB was voted “The Best of Bureaus in Asia Pacific” in the CEI Readers’ Choice Awards 2018.
HKTB won the Best Marketing Creativity Award presented by the travel website Lvmama.
Hong Kong Shingo Art won the Asia-Pacific Excellence Awards 2018 in the Influencer Communications category.
The HKTB’s Hong Kong Cyclothon 2018 won the Golden Bicycle Award in the China Bicycle Annual Selection 2018.
“Fashion x Hong Kong and Thailand Tourism” campaign partnered with Fashion Magazine won the Silver Award in the “ Most Effective: Travel and Leisure” category in the Content Council Pearl Awards 2018.
“Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival 2018” was named one of the “Best Travel Experiences” by City Nomads , a leading online lifestyle and travel guide in Asia.
The HKTB’s campaign Discover Hong Kong Like A Local x Jackson Wang was awarded the 2018 Guangdong Top 10 Governmental Tourism Marketing Innovation Cases presented by Sina Guangdong.
The HKTB won nine awards in the iNova Awards 2018.
The HKTB won 14 awards in the Kam Fan Awards 2018.
Hong Kong was awarded the Most Popular Travel Destination in 2018 by Tencent.
“Family Fun” Online Campaign won the Gold Award in the “The Best Website Design” category in the Click Awards 2018.
“Best of all, it’s in Hong Kong” 30-min Programme on Global TV won the Gold Award in the “Branded Entertainment – Documentary” category in the Davey Awards 2018.
The HKTB’s Hong Kong Winter Festival campaign site won three awards in the Digital Singularity Awards 2018:
Hong Kong was named “The Most Influential MICE International Destination” in the “Goldfinger Award of China Event Industry 2018”, jointly hosted byEvents Fortunemagazine andChina Festivalmagazine.
Hong Kong was voted “Favourite Business City in the World” by readers of Business Traveller China magazine in the Business Traveller China Awards 2018.
Hong Kong was awarded “World's Leading Business Travel Destination” in the World Travel Awards 2018.
“Hong Kong Shingo Art – Leveraging the J-POP Influence” won the Gold Award in the Excellence in KOL Partnership category of the Marketing Excellence Awards 2018 byMarketingmagazine.
The HKTB won two awards in the Malaysia Public Relations Awards 2018:
HKTB won five awards in the W3 Awards 2018:
The HKTB’s campaign Discover Hong Kong Like A Local x Jackson Wang won the Silver Award presented by IAI Travel Awards.
“VR Time Travel: Step into Old Hong Kong” was voted one of the seven “Best Tourism Campaigns in 2018” by independent international research institute econsultancy.com.
The HKTB won 13 awards in the Galaxy Awards 2018:
The HKTB won six awards in the HSMAI (Hospitality, Sales & Marketing Association International) Adrian Awards 2018:
Hong Kong was voted the Most Popular Outbound Travel Destination in the “9th Vote of the Favourite Destination and Brands of Cantonese in 2018” organised bySouthern Metropolis Daily.
Hong Kong was awarded the Most Popular Tourist Destination in the 2018 Red Coral Award of Asia Tourism.
Hong Kong was named the Travel and Gourmet Destination in the 2018 Global Cuisines.
The HKTB was awarded the Best Organisation Prize in the CITIE 2018.
The HKTB won the Bronze Award in the 2018 Golden Mouse Digital Marketing Awards.
The HKTB won 2 awards in the Travel Weekly Magellan Awards 2018.
The HKTB’s Hong Kong Winter Festival campaign site won five awards in the 4A (Association of Accredited Advertising Agents of Taipei R.O.C ) Award 2018:
The HKTB won three awards in the PATA Grand and Gold Awards 2018:
“Hong Kong Travel Buddy” won the Gold Award in the Best Use of Mobile category of the Customer Experience Asia Excellence Awards 2018.
The “My Hong Kong Buddy campaign” won the Silver Award in the Digital Strategy – Online Content category of the Tangram Awards 2018.
In the World Travel Awards 2018, Hong Kong was awarded Asia's Leading City Break Destination 2018 and Asia's Leading Meetings & Conference Destination 2018, while the HKTB was awarded Asia's Leading Tourist Board 2018.
Great Outdoors Hong Kong – “Believe it or not, it’s Hong Kong!” won the Silver Award in the Most Effective PR Campaign category of the PR Awards 2018, organised byMarketing Magazine.
The HKTB Annual Report 2016/17 – We Make the Difference won the Bronze Award in the Non-Profit Organisation Online Annual Report category of the ARC Awards 2018.
The HKTB was awarded the “2018 Certificate of Excellence” by TripAdvisor in recognition of the staff’s excellence in providing visitor services.
“Art is Everywhere” won the Pacific Asia Travel Association 2018 Grand Award in the Heritage and Culture category.
Old Town Central – Engaging Consumers with Advocates won the Gold Award in the Best Use of Influencer/Advocates category of the Marketing Events Awards 2018.
The HKTB Visitor Centre was recognised by the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2018 for providing top-notch service to visitors. Three staff members were awarded the Certificate of Appreciation in the following award categories:
In the 2018 Best In Travel Poll run by online travel magazine Smart Travel Asia, Hong Kong was voted the “Best City for Meetings” in Asia.
The HKTB Annual Report 2016/17 – We Make the Difference won the Grand Award in the Online Annual Report category of the Questar Awards 2018.
The HKTB Annual Report 2016/17 – We Make the Difference won the Silver Award in the Corporate Publications category of the PR Awards Asia 2018.
Hong Kong was named the Most Popular Destination in 2018, presented by Tuniu, a leading Chinese online travel agency.
The HKTB won recognition in the “At Your Service” Service Appreciation Campaign Award organised by Hong Kong International Airport in the Government and Related Bodies category for providing top-notch service to visitors:
The HKTB’s “Hong Kong Travel Buddy” – Mobile Chat Service won the ICMI Global Contact Centre Awards 2018 in the Best Chat Support category.
The HKTB Annual Report 2016/17 – We Make the Difference won the Gold Award in the Mobile Media: Annual Report category of the Questar Awards 2018.
The HKTB won 16 awards in the Astrid Awards 2018.
The HKTB won two awards in the Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards 2018:
HKTB won four awards in the MARKies Awards 2018:
Hong Kong was named “MICE Destination of the Year 2017” in the “2017 Miracle Workers MICE Award” by China BTMICE.
The HKTB Annual Report 2015/16 – Power Up Hong Kong won the PR News’ Nonprofit Awards 2018 in the External Publication or Report category.
The My Hong Kong Guide mobile app won the Best Mobile Government Service Award 2018 in the Enhancing Social & Cultural Awareness category.
The HKTB’s Visitor Information & Services Department was accredited “Good Class” in the F&B sector, Retail sector and Office & other sectors category in the HKIA Environmental Management Recognition Scheme.
The HKTB won six awards in the HSMAI (Hospitality, Sales & Marketing Association International) Adrian Awards 2017:
The HKTB won 12 awards in the Mercury Awards 2017/18:
Hong Kong Travel Buddy – Your Virtual Travel Companion won a Merit Award in the Service Innovation category of the HKACE Customer Service Excellence Award 2017.
Hong Kong was named “World's Leading Business Travel Destination” in the World Travel Awards 2017.
HKTB was voted “Best Convention and Exhibition Bureau, Asia Pacific” in the CEI Readers’ Choice Awards 2018.
The “Best of all, it’s in Hong Kong” New Brand Campaign won a Bronze Award in the Best Place or Nation Brand category of the Transform Awards Asia-Pacific 2017.
The HKTB Annual Report 2015/16 – Power Up Hong Kong won a Bronze Award in the Online Annual Reports: Tourism category in the iNOVA Awards 2017.
The HKTB won 2 awards in the Marketing Excellence Awards 2017, organised byMarketingmagazine.
The HKTB’s Old Town Central Campaign won 6 awards in the Kam Fan Awards 2017.
“20 of the Best in Hong Kong’s Old Town Central” won the Jury Award and Gold Award in the Overseas Communications category of the 13th China Golden Awards for Excellence in Public Relations.
Hong Kong was voted “Best MICE Destination” in India’s Best Awards 2017, organised byTravel+Leisure India & South Asia.
Hong Kong was voted “Favourite Business City in the World” in the Business Traveller China Awards 2017, organised byBusiness Traveller China magazine.
The HKTB won 11 awards in the Galaxy Awards 2017.
The Discover Hong Kong Facebook Page won a Silver Award in the Social Content & Marketing – Corporate Communications category in the W3 Awards 2017.
The HKTB won 5 awards in the Travel Weekly Magellan Awards 2017.
Hong Kong was awarded the “Best Business City in Asia” award in the Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Travel Awards 2017 for the 10th consecutive year.
“20 of the Best in Hong Kong’s Old Town Central” won a Silver Award in the Global PR Campaign category in the Marketing PR Awards 2017.
Old Town Central Self-guided Walks in the Heart of Hong Kongwon a Silver Award in the Best Media Campaign – Print category in The Spark Awards for Media Excellence 2017.
The HKTB Annual Report 2015/16 – Power Up Hong Kong won a Bronze Award in the “Non-Profit Organization Online Annual Report” category of the ARC Awards 2017.
The “Best of all, it’s In Hong Kong” campaign site won the Gold Award in the Marketing Media - Website category of the PATA Grand and Gold Awards 2017.
In the 2017 Best In Travel Poll run by online travel magazineSmart Travel Asia, Hong Kong was voted the “Best City for Meetings” in Asia.
The HKTB was awarded the “2017 Certificate of Excellence” by TripAdvisor in recognition of the staff’s excellence in providing visitor services.
The HKTB won recognition from the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2017 for providing top-notch service to visitors. Four staff members were awarded the Certificate of Appreciation in the following award categories:
Hong Kong was awarded the Most Attractive MICE City Destination in the 10th China MICE Industry Golden Chair Awards 2016/17, organised byMICEmagazine.
The HKTB won 2 awards in the 3rd Hong Kong Public Relations Awards (2016).
Hong Kong Pulse 3D Light Show (2016 Hong Kong Summer Fun) won a Platinum Award in the Special Event category in 2017 AVA Digital Awards.
The HKTB won 6 awards in Astrid Awards 2017.
The HKTB won 2 awards in Asia-Pacific Excellence Awards 2016 organised byCommunication DirectorMagazine.
The HKTB scooped 6 awards in Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards 2017.
The HKTB visitor centres won a Bronze Award under “Front-Line Customer Service Team of the Year - All Other Industries - 100 or More Employees” classification in “Customer Service & Contact Centre Team” category in 2017 Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Services.
The reposition of My Hong Kong Guide mobile app won a Bronze Award in the Best App – Hospitality and Travel category in Mob-Ex Awards 2017.
In 2016/2017 Mercury Awards, the HKTB’s “A Taste of Hong Kong” Season 3 and“Hong Kong New Year Countdown Celebrations 2016” campaign were named the “Best of Publicity” and the “Best of Social Media” respectively.In addition, the HKTB also won 5 awards in other categories, including:
The HKTB was recongised as “The Progressive Association” in Exhibition Excellence Awards 2017 organised by India’s leading trade show magazineExhibition Showcase.
The HKTB’s Seoul office was voted the Best National Tourism Office for the sixth consecutive year in a survey conducted byKorea Travel News, a leading journal in the Korean travel industry.
Hong Kong was recognised as “World's Leading City Break Destination”, “Asia's Leading City Break Destination” and “Asia's Leading Meetings & Conference Destination” in World Travel Awards 2016.
The HKTB was named as “World's Leading Tourist Board” in World Travel Awards 2016.
The HKTB won 2 awards in Marketing Excellence Awards 2016 organised byMarketingMagazine:
The HKTB scooped 6 awards in iNOVA Awards 2016, including:
The HKTB won 2 awards in W3 Awards 2016:
Hong Kong was voted “Favourite Business City in the World” for the sixth consecutive year in 2016 annual reader’s poll organised byBusiness Traveller Chinamagazine.
The HKTB won 6 awards in Galaxy Awards 2016:
The HKTB won 2 awards in PATA Grand and Gold Awards 2016:
In the 2016 annual readers’ poll organised byBusiness Traveller Asia Pacificmagazine, Hong Kong was voted “Best Business City in Northeast Asia” for the ninth consecutive year.
In the 2016 Best In Travel Poll run by online travel magazineSmart Travel Asia, Hong Kong was voted the “Best City for Business in Asia”.
HKTB won the Customer Service Center of the Year 2015 (Tourism) in the 2015 Customer Relationship Excellence (CRE) Awards, organised by the Asia Pacific Customer Service Consortium.
The HKTB’s Visitor Services Department won recognition from the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2016. The eight awardees were:
DiscoverHongKong.com Mobile Site won the Bronze Award in the “Mobile Media: Mobile Sites” category in Questar Awards 2016.
In Astrid Awards 2016, HKTB’s 2015 Hong Kong Summer Fun Campaign won the Gold Award and was named the “Best of Campaigns” in the Campaigns category. In addition, the HKTB also won 3 awards in other categories, including:
DiscoverHongKong.com won the Silver Award in Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme 2016.
HKTB won 5 awards in the 2015/2016 Mercury Awards, including:
The Hong Kong Insider’s Guide won a Bronze Award in the “Best Campaign for Tablets” category in Mob-Ex Awards 2016.
My Hong Kong Guide mobile app won the“Best m-Government Service Award”, organised by the United Arab Emirates government, in the international— tourism category.
Hong Kong was voted the “Asia’s Best City for Business Events” in the CEI Readers’ Choice Awards 2016, organised byCEI Asia magazine.
The HKTB was selected as the “Asia’s Best Convention Bureau” in the CEI Readers’ Choice Award 2016, organised byCEI Asia magazine.
The HKTB’s Visitor Service Department won recognitions in the “Give Me 5 in the Airport” campaign organised by Airport Authority. The below awards are won in the “Government and related bodies” category:
The HKTB’s “A Taste of Hong Kong” Season 1 & 2 Regional Campaign won a Gold Award in “Excellence in Public Relations” of Marketing Excellence Award 2015.
The HKTB Annual Report 2013/14 was awarded “Citation for Design” in the 2015 HKMA Best Annual Reports Awards.
The HKTB’s engagement case “Relocation of Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival” in 2014 won a Bronze Award in the “Best Engagement- Mass Community” category in the PR Awards 2015 organised byMarketingMagazine.
The HKTB’s “Turbocharging Travelzoo!” campaign in the US won the Gold Award in the 2015 Travel Weekly Magellan Awards, under the “Destination Marketing – Web Marketing/ Advertising” category.
The HKTB’s Weibo social media account ranked first in “Top 10 Social Media Account of Travel Destinations” and the fourth in “Top 10 Influential Official Travel Destination Weibo Account Outside Mainland” by Sina Weibo.
The HKTB scooped 4 awards in PATA Grand and Gold Awards 2015:
The HKTB Annual Report 2013/14 won a Gold Award in the “Tourism” category of the International ARC Awards 2015.
HKTB’s “Taiwan's Next Stop, Hong Kong” Campaign won a Gold Stevie Award in “Marketing Campaign of the Year - Transportation & Travel / Tourism / Destination” category in the 2015 International Business Award
The HKTB’s Visitor Services Department won recognition from the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme. The four awardees were:
The HKTB’s crisis management case, “Relocation of the Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival – How the Hong Kong Tourism Board upheld its corporate image in the face of a crisis” won a Bronze Award in “Crisis or Issues Management Campaign of the Year” category in PR Week Awards Asia 2015.
Sue Man Chau Ling, Visitor Services Executive at HKTB, was selected as the Customer Service Team Leader of the Year (Service Centre) in the 2014 Customer Relationship Excellence (CRE) Awards, organised by the Asia Pacific Customer Service Consortium.
HKTB won the “Best Booth Design Award” at the Korea World Travel Fair.
Hong Kong was named the “Best Food Destination” byTravel & Leisure Magazine India.
The HKTB won 7 awards in the Astrid Awards 2015:
My Hong Kong Guide Mobile App won the Bronze Award in the Best Use of Apps category in MARKies Awards 2015.
DiscoverHongKong.com won the Silver Award in Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme 2015.
The HKTB won 3 awards in the Mercury Awards 2014/15:
The My Hong Kong Guide mobile app won the Silver Award in Best App – Government/Community category in Mob-Ex Awards 2015
The HKTB’s Seoul office was voted the Best National Tourism Office for the fourth consecutive year in a survey conducted byKorea Travel News, a leading journal in the Korean travel industry.
Hong Kong was named the “Best Shopping Destination” in the Leisure Travel Awards 2014 organised byGlobal Traveller Magazine
Hong Kong was selected as the “Best Culinary Destination, Expert’s Choice” in the Culinary Travel Awards 2014 organised bySaveur Magazine
Hong Kong was voted the “Best City for Business Events” in the CEI Industry Excellence in Events Survey 2015, organised by CEI Asia magazine.
The HKTB was selected as the first runner-up of the “Best Convention Bureau” in the CEI Industry Survey 2015, organised by CEI Asia magazine.
Hong Kong was voted the “Favourite Business City in the World” for the fourth consecutive year in the 2014 Business Traveller China Awards, organised byBusiness Traveller Chinamagazine.
The HKTB’s “Follow Me to Hong Kong” campaign won a Silver Award in the “Best Use of Small Budget” category at the PR Awards 2014 organised byMarketingmagazine.
Hong Kong won 2 awards in the 2014 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards:
The HKTB won 3 awards in the 2014 Travel Weekly Magellan Awards:
The HKTB won 6 awards in the 2014 Galaxy Awards:
The HKTB social media platforms won a Silver award in the Social Content – Social Presence category of the 2014 W³ Awards.
Our “Be My Guest” Facebook app was awarded the Social Network Standard of Excellence in the Social Network category of the 2014 WebAward.
The HKTB’s website, DiscoverHongKong.com, was awarded the Best APAC Destination Website in the 2014 TravelMole APAC Web Award.
The HKTB has won 2 PATA Gold Awards in 2014:
The HKTB has won 3 titles in the 2nd Hong Kong Public Relations Awards 2014:
The HKTB's "Taste of Hong Kong" campaign has won two titles in the International Business Awards 2014, organised by Stevie Awards:
The HKTB Annual Report 2012/13 was awarded Honors in the “Government Supported Tourism” category of the International ARC Awards 2014.
The HKTB’s Visitor Services Department recently won recognition from the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2013/14. The four awardees were:
The HKTB has won three awards in the PRWeek Awards Asia 2014:
Koey Hsu Ping, officer of Visitor Services at HKTB, was selected as the Customer Service Professional of the Year (Service Centre) in the 2013 Customer Relationship Excellent (CRE) Awards, organised by the Asia Pacific Customer Service Consortium.
Hong Kong was awarded “Best Promotion Destination” in the Tourism Awards 2013 organised by Shanghai Morning Post.
HKTB has won 4 titles in the Astrid Awards 2014:
HKTB won a silver award in the “Campaigns” category of Astrid Awards 2014 for the ‘Hold My Hand’ promotional campaign.
HKTB has won two awards in the 2013/2014 Mercury Awards, organised by MerComm, including:
Hong Kong has won 6 awards in Ctrip Best Tourist Destination of the Year Award Ceremony 2013:
HKTB has ranked amongst the “Top 10 Most Influential Enterprises on Weibo (Hong Kong)” in the Star of Sina Weibo 2013.
A survey conducted byKorea Travel News, a leading Asian travel industry journal, voted HKTB’s Seoul office as the Best National Tourism Office for the third consecutive year.
Hong Kong was voted as the “Best City for Business Events” in the CEI Industry Awards 2014, organised by CEI Asia Magazine
HKTB is recognised as the “Best Convention Bureau” in the CEI Industry Survey 2014, organised by CEI Asia magazine
HKTB was the winner at the Amadeus & WTM Travel Experience Awards for the category Two Hours to Spare on a Business Trip.
HKTB has won two awards in the HSMAI (Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International) Adrian Awards:
Hong Kong was voted ‘Favourite Business City in the World’ for the third consecutive year in the 2013 Business Traveller China Awards, organised byBusiness Traveller Chinamagazine.
HKTB employee Arthur Ho was the winner of the Best Smiling Customer Service Trophy Award, as presented by the Hong Kong International Airport, for his courteous and friendly service in the airport’s Visitor Centre.
HKTB scooped a number of awards with our mobile applications:
HKTB’s website, DiscoverHongKong.com, has won the following awards:
HKTB has won 2 titles in the Galaxy Awards 2013:
HKTB has won three awards in the 2013 Travel Weekly Magellan Awards:
HKTB’s website, DiscoverHongKong.com, has won the following awards:
In the annual readers’ poll organised byBusiness Traveller Asia Pacificmagazine, Hong Kong was voted ‘Best Business City in the World’ and ‘Best Business City in Northeast Asia’ for the fifth and sixth consecutive years respectively.
HKTB’s Facebook page, www.facebook.com/DiscoverHongKong won the PATA Gold Awards 2013 (Pacific Asia Travel Association) in the Marketing Media – Social Media category.
Visa go Hong Kong Super Shopper 2012 received an Honourable Mention for Regional PR Campaign of the Year in thePRWeekAwards Asia 2013.
The HKTB’s Visitor Services Department recently won recognition during an award presentation as part of the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2012/13. The three awardees were:
The HKTB won a number of Astrid Awards in 2013, including:
HKTB’s website, DiscoverHongKong.com received the Silver Award in the Government’s Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme.
HKTB’s mobile application Discover Hong Kong • AR Walks Mobile App Series won the Bronze Award in the Green, Healthy & Creative Living category of the Hong Kong ICT Awards 2013.
The HKTB’s Frankfurt office placed second in the “Best National Tourism Office in Asia” category in the Go Asia Awards 2013 organised by Go Asia, Germany’s leading tourism marketing association.
The HKTB’s Seoul office was voted the Best National Tourism Office for the second consecutive year, following a survey conducted byKorea Travel News, a leading travel Asian industry journal.
Hong Kong was recognised as the ‘Best City for Business Events’ in the CEI Industry Awards 2013 organised byCEI Asia Pacific Magazine.
In the 2012 Business Traveller China Awards organised byBusiness Traveller Chinamagazine, Hong Kong was voted “Favourite Business City in the World” by Mainland travellers.
The Hong Kong Summer Spectacular’s regional digital campaign, Summer Showreels, won a Gold Award for Excellence in Social Media Marketing at the Marketing Excellence Awards 2012 organised byMarketing Magazine.
The HKTB won a number of awards in the Galaxy Awards 2012:
The HKTB has successfully clinched two marketing awards in the prestigious 2012 Travel Weekly Magazine Magellan Awards:
In the annual readers’ poll organised byBusiness Traveller Asia Pacificmagazine, Hong Kong has been voted the “Best Business City in the World” and “Best Business City in Northeast Asia” for four and five consecutive years respectively.
MEHK was a winner of M&C Gold Service Award byMeetings & Conventionsmagazine.
Hong Kong was voted the “Best FIT Destination of the Year” in the China Travel & Meeting Industry Awards 2012 organised by travel magazineTravel Weekly.
The HKTB’s Visitor Services Department received recognition at the award presentation ceremony of the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2011/12. The four awardees include:
The HKTB has received the following awards in the 2012 ASTRID Awards:
Hong Kong was voted by UK and Irish travel agents as the 'Long haul destination of the year for city breaks' in the 'Travel Agents Choice Awards' organised by travel trade magazineSelling Long Haul.
In the 2011 Business Traveller China Awards organised byBusiness Traveller Chinamagazine, Hong Kong was voted “Favourite Business City in the World” by Mainland travellers.
HKTB won several awards in the 2011 Galaxy Awards, including:
In the annual readers’ poll organised byBusiness Traveller Asia Pacificmagazine, Hong Kong has been voted the “Best Business City in the World” and “Best Business City in Northeast Asia” for three and four consecutive years respectively.
The HKTB's Visitor Services Department has won the following Customer Relationship Excellence (CRE) Awards, which are organised by the Asia Pacific Customer Service Consortium:
Produced by Meetings & Exhibitions Hong Kong (MEHK),The Black Book: A MICE Guide for Hong Kongand 'MEHK Success Stories Video' received the Gold and Silver Awards respectively in the Travel and Tourism category of the 2011 QUESTAR Awards.
The HKTB received a number of awards in the 21st Astrid Awards:
Hong Kong was voted as one of the Top 10 Worldwide Destinations and Best in Asia in TripAdvisor Traveler’s Choice Destinations Awards.
In the award presentation ceremony of the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme, Ray Cheung, Arthur Ho and Miki Tung, HKTB's Visitor Services officers at the airport, received recognition for their quality services.
Forbeshas selected the Chinese New Year in Hong Kong as one of '10 Best Events of the Year'. The magazine says that the International Chinese New Year Parade, A Symphony of Lights, flower markets and fireworks make the Chinese New Year celebrations in Hong Kong the most impressive in the world.
The microblog designed by the Hong Kong Tourism Board for the Mainland market was selected as one of the best travel-related microblogs in the 2010 Golden Track Sina Travel Awards.
November
Hong Kong is named one of the 'Top 10 places to spend your Christmas' by CNN.com. Hong Kong's winter ambience, Christmas light displays along both sides of Victoria Harbour and shops that open even during Christmas holidays make it the only Asian city to be included in the list.
September
April
The HKTB rolled out a popular interactive video, called the 'The Last 120 Hours of a Geek in Hong Kong', on YouTube to promote Hong Kong WinterFest in 2009. This online campaign won the Excellence Award in Digital Communications organised by the Foundation for Public Relations in Taiwan
October
Hong Kong Wine and Dine Festival organised by the HKTB, the city's first-ever, large-scale outdoor food and wine event, was listed among the Top 10 International Food and Wine Festivals byForbes Traveler.
September
The HKTB's marketing initiatives took two honours in the PATA (Pacific Asia Travel Association) Gold Award 2009:
May
In the global Online Consumer Survey on Travel and Tourism of the Asia-Pacific region polled out by the CNN International, Hong Kong was voted as the first among the cities in the region in three categories: The Most Vibrant City Life, Best Nightlife and Best Shopping.
April
The HKTB won seven awards in the 2009 Astrid Awards:
March
HKTB offices in the Mainland were honoured by the travel trade magazineTTG Chinaas Best Overseas NTO in China.
February
The Star Ferry was rated first in the Top 10 Most Exciting Ferry Rides in the World poll organised by the Society of American Travel Writers (SATW), the world's largest organisation of professional travel journalists and photographers.
December
In the 6th annual Readers Choice Awards organised byTravel Weekly, Hong Kong was selected as the Best City – Asia Pacific.
November
September
Hong Kong has been voted the Best Business City in Northeast Asia in the annual readers' poll organised byBusiness Traveller Asia Pacific– the travel magazine for frequent business travellers in the region.
July
The Australian office of HKTB has earned the laurel of the Best Tourist Office – International, in the National Travel Industry Awards organised by the Australian Federation of Travel Agents (AFTA).
June
Hong Kong has been voted by South Koreans as Asia Pacific's Best Sightseeing City in the inaugural Seoul Tourism Awards 2008. Additionally, the HKTB's DiscoverHongKong.com website has also been chosen by the region's tourism professionals as Asia Pacific's Best City Tourism Website.
May
The HKTB won one gold and three silver awards in the 2008 Astrid Awards:
April
Chan Wai Wun and Wong Sze Ki of HKTB, who are responsible for providing visitor services at the airport, have received recognition in the Hong Kong International Airport Quality Customer Service programme 2008.
March
The HKTB won two awards in the Golden City Gate Films and Creative Advertising Awards:
In the yearly Best Cruise Destinations poll of British cruise magazineDream World Cruise Destinations, Hong Kong was voted among others in the Best Destination Experience – Independent Sightseeing and Best Turnaround Destination sections.
December
The HKTB office in the Americas has been lauded as the 'Best Pacific Asia Tourism Bureau' by US magazineAgent@home.
November
The HKTB UK office was voted Best Asia/Pacific Tourist Board in the British Travel Awards 2007.
October
Hong Kong was voted Favourite Overseas City for the second year in a row in the UK'sGuardian,ObserverandGuardian UnlimitedTravel Awards.
July
The HKTB took a number of awards in the 2007 Galaxy Award:
May
During the 2007 US International Film and Video Festival, the 2006 Discover Hong Kong Year 'Moments of Discovery' TV commercial won 1st place in the Corporate – Business, Government, Contracted – Travel, Tourism category of the Gold Camera Awards.
January
Hong Kong beat London and New York for the title of 'Best Business City', and was ranked the third-best tourism destination in theGlobal TravelerAwards.
November
The HKTB won a number of awards in the Galaxy Awards 2006:
October
Readers ofThe Guardian, The ObserverandThe Guardian Unlimited, voted Hong Kong their Favourite Overseas City in the publications' 2006 Travel Awards.
June
The 2006 Discover Hong Kong Year promotional DVD,Moments of Discovery, took away the Grand Award in the Best of Tourism Promotion category at the 17th annual Questar Festival held in New York.
April
The 2006 Discover Hong Kong YearMoments of Discoveryposters won a silver award in the Posters category of the Astrid Awards 2006.
January
The HKTB's 'Hong Kong Experiences' video won a gold award in the CVB/Destination/Convention Centre category of the Adrian Awards 2005.
November
Hong Kong was voted Favourite City in the World by readers ofBusiness TravellerChina. The city's airport was also considered the Best Airport in China.
October
Hong Kong was named 'Destination of the Year' in the TTG Asia Awards 2005.
September
Readers ofThe GuardianandThe Observerheaped praise on Hong Kong in the papers' Travel Awards 2005. Rating cities not only by the number of votes cast but also in terms of satisfaction, the readers voted Hong Kong into third place overall in the Favourite Overseas City ranking, the highest placing achieved by an Asian city, with a score of 95.7 per cent. Among other Asian cities featuring on the listing were Tokyo (9), Singapore (22) and Bangkok (40).
July
The HKTB's 'Hong Kong Experiences' video was bestowed with an honour in the Association, Government & Non-Profit Organisation – Tourism/Travel/Destination Promotion category of the Quester Awards 2005. The video captures the emotional and magical moments between local residents and visitors and highlights Hong Kong's f shopping, dining, city/harbour/green, and culture and heritage.
May
The HKTB's marketing initiatives won a number of awards in the annual Astrid Award, which honours outstanding achievement in Design Communication. Astrid Award symbolises the stellar qualities of creativity, craft, innovation and originality in design. This year, the Award received over 400 entries from 17 countries. The accolades won by the HKTB included:
April
The HKTB's 'Four Hong Kong Experiences' video was given a Gold Award in the Travel Video category by the Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) during its Annual Conference in Macau.
February
Readers ofMeetings & Incentive Travelmagazine in the UK voted HKTB's meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions division as the Best Convention Bureau in the Incentive Travel Category. The voting was conducted online on the magazine's official web site and is completely independent. The magazine asked their subscribers to judge on a minimum of seven awards by e-mail and results were monitored to ensure that there were no duplications.
January
Hong Kong was selected as one of the 14 classic destinations in the world byNational Geographic Travelermagazine.
With the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the following awards:
HKTB’s Holiday at home won the following awards in DigiZ Awards 2022:
Gold Award in Best Covid-19 Digital Response
Gold Award in Best Social Media Strategies
Gold Award in Best Viral Campaign
Silver Award in Best Digital Mass Audience Campaign
Bronze Award in Best use of Influencer
Hong Kong Neighbourhood – West Kowloon won Grand Award (Marketing) in the PATA Gold Awards 2022.
Hong Kong New Year Countdown Celebrations 2022 won Silver Award in Best Event Production in Marketing Events Awards 2022.
Besides, the HKTB was named one of the five Best Global CVBs/DMOs in 2022 Best Of Awards by Meetings Today.
The “Hong Kong Neighbourhood – West Kowloon” campaign won Excellence in Social Good in the 2022 HKMA/ViuTV & Now TV Awards for Marketing Excellence.
Holiday at Home also won the following awards in the MOB-EX Awards 2022:
Gold Award in Industry Specific Use of Mobile: Hospitality & Travel
Silver Award in Best Covid-19 Response
Besides, the HKTB won the following awards in the Galaxy Awards 2022:
2021 Wine & Dine Festival – Silver Award in Websites: Microsite
West Kowloon Neighbourhood – Gold Award in Promotion: Local Attractions & Silver Award in Special Events: Community Involvement
HKTB Annual Report 2020/21 – Bronze Award in Annual Reports - Online: Tourism & Honours in Mobile media: Annual Report
Great Outdoors Hong Kong – Bronze Awards in Websites: Non-Profit Organisations
The HKTB has won the following awards in the MARKies Awards 2022:
The HKTB has won the following awards in the Questar Awards 2022:
The HKTB has won the following awards in the Eventex Awards 2022:
The HKTB has won the following awards in the Astrid Awards 2022:
The HKTB has won the following awards in the Event Marketing Awards 2022:
Ms Bakky Cheng (Director, Visitor Services) of HKTB was awarded the “Distinguished Individuals with Outstanding Contribution to the Development of Tourism” in the Secretary for Culture, Sports and Tourism’s Commendation Scheme.
HKTB Pavilion won the “Top 3 Highest Destination Value Achievement” in the ASTINDO JATIM Award (Surabaya).
HKTB won the “Best Pavilion Award” in the 2023 International Travel Fair.
“Hello Hong Kong” won the Bronze Award in the “Excellence in Integrated Marketing” in the Marketing Excellence Awards 2023 (Malaysia).
Besides, “One-stop Information Hub forHong Kong Meetings, Incentive Trips, Conventions and Exhibitions” won the Bronze Award in “Tourism/ Travel” in the 2023 iNova Awards.
“Hello Hong Kong” won the following awards in the Marketing Excellence Awards 2023 (Thailand):
“Hello Hong Kong” won the following awards in Marketing Excellence Awards 2023 (Singapore):
With the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the “Destination for Cultural Diversity” in the 2024 GO TRAVEL Hotel & Travel Awards.
Besides, “LINE FRIENDS Hello, Hong Kong Dragon Boat Photo Spots” won the “Best Impressive Campaign 2023” in the LINE FRIENDS China Licensing Awards
“Arts in Hong Kong 2023” won the Excellence in Marketing Collaboration Awardin 2023 HKMA/ViuTV & Now TV Awards for Marketing Excellence.
“Hong Kong Through the Lens of GenZ” won following awards in the DigiZ Awards 2023:
Besides, HKTB won the following awards in the China(Guangdong) International Tourism Industry Expo 2023:
“Hong Kong Through the Lens of GenZ” won the Marketing Award (National – Asia) in PATA Gold Awards 2023.
Besides, the HKTB won the following awards in the Marketing Interactive PR Awards 2023:
“Hello Hong Kong” has won the Excellence in Culture and Tourism Branding Awards in the 2022-2023 The Great Wall Awards.
HKTB’s Visitor Centres won the Gold Award in “Team Award - Contact Centre Service” in the Hong Kong Association for Customer Service Excellence (HKACE) Customer Service Excellence Award 2022.
HKTB won the following awards in the IAI Awards:
Besides, HKTB won the following awards in the Tiger Roar Award:
With the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the “Most Popular Cultural Tourism Destination” in the Guangzhou International Travel Fair 2023.
Besides, HKTB won the following awards in the Golden Mouse Digital Marketing Awards:
“HK Through the Lens of GenZ” won the following awards in Astrid Awards 2023:
“Arts in Hong Kong: SEA Artists Collaboration” won the following awards in Marketing Interactive PR Awards 2023:
“Hong Kong Through the Lens of GenZ” won the following awards in the MUSE Creative Awards:
“China Chic Meets Hong Kong Style” won the Bronze Award in “2023 Best Public Events in “Event Marketing Awards 2023”.
Besides, Hong Kong Tourism Board won the “Top 10 Outstanding Destination Marketing Team” in “National Tourism Fashion Awards”.
HKTB’s Discover Hong Kong Website won the Silver Award in Web Accessibility in the “Web Accessibility Recognition Scheme 2022-2023”.
“Hong Kong Through the Lens of GenZ” won the following awards in the Mercury Excellence Awards:
“Harbour Fiesta” also won the following awards in the same competition:
Besides, HKTB’s booth for Hong Kong also won the following in various overseas Trade Fairs:
“Hong Kong Neighbourhoods” won the “Award for Cultural preservations & inheritance” in the “Voyage 2022 Sustainability Awards”.
“Hello Hong Kong” won the following awards in the QUESTAR Awards 2024:
With the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the “Most Attractive Tourism Destination” in the Guangzhou International Travel Fair 2024.
“One-stop Information Hub for Hong Kong Meetings, Incentive Trips, Conventions and Exhibitions” won the Silver Award in “Best Design: Website” in the 2024 Astrid Award.
“#Hello Hong Kong Social Media Promotion” won the Silver Award in “Topic Marketing” in the 15th Golden Mouse Digital Marketing Competition.
Besides, “#Hello Hong Kong Social Media Promotion” won the following awards in the 15th Tiger Roar Awards:
“Hello Hong Kong” won the following awards in the MUSE Creative Awards 2024:
“Hello Hong Kong Recovery Campaign” won the following awards in the ASTRID Awards 2024:
HKTB won the following awards in the MAAT Media Awards 2024:
Besides, with the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the “Destination Most-Loved by Users - Highflyer of the Year” in Xiaohongshu’s annual award ceremony.
HKTB won the “Best Media Support” in the ASTINDO Travel Fair 2024 (Jakarta).
Besides, Ms Windy Chiu (Specialist, Visitor Services) of HKTB won the “Individual Excellence Award” in the Hong Kong International Airport Customer Service Excellence Programme 2023.
“Hello Hong Kong” won the following awards in the Mercury Awards 2023:
With the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the following awards in the National Tourism Quality Awards:
Hong Kong won the “2023 MICE Tourism Destination Top5” in 2023 Light & Ash National Tourism Quality Awards.
Besides, with the support of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, Hong Kong won the was awarded the “Sustainable Travel Destination” in the Voyage Awards.