Title: Home | Meetings & Exhibitions Hong Kong
Date: None
URL: https://mehongkong.com/eng/index.html#main-content

Tropical Cyclone Warning Signal in Force
Due to adverse weather conditions, public transport services may be limited or suspended. Flights may also be delayed or cancelled, and attractions may be closed. For your own safety, please avoid outdoor activities, and refer to the websites of relevant organisations for details.
For further assistance, please contact:
Telephone directory: 1081Transport Department: 1823Flight enquiries: +852 2181 8888Emergency services: 999Hong Kong Observatory website:www.hko.gov.hk
Hong Kong’s unique and strategic positioning next to Mainland China opens up a world of lucrative opportunities for MICE events and delegates.
Hong Kong’s unique and strategic positioning next to Mainland China opens up a world of lucrative opportunities for MICE events and delegates.
Join to learn more about the latest products and experiences customised for your corporate clients.
Join to learn more about the latest products and experiences customised for your corporate clients.
Enjoy an array of exclusive offers and attractive benefits that take business events to new heights.
Enjoy an array of exclusive offers and attractive benefits that take business events to new heights.
A reputable international business hub and an ideal destination to meet, explore opportunities, and exchange ideas. With its unique role bridging mainland China and the world, together with the city’s ever-evolving infrastructures and tourist offerings, Hong Kong is set to take your MICE events to new heights.
Hong Kong Incentive Playbook
Welcome to the vibrant city of Hong Kong, where big ideas are born, creativity thrives, and unbreakable bonds are forged! Get ready to dive into our Incentive Playbook, your ultimate guide to unlocking over 100 unique and immersive experiences for your groups! Embark on an unforgettable journey of discovery, where every moment is filled with excitement and rewards. It's time to take your team to new heights and up the game like never before!
Arts & Culture
Immerse in a cultural paradise like no other! Hong Kong, the vibrant melting pot of East and West, is home to a world-leading arts and cultural quarter, where creativity knows no bounds. Delve into Hong Kong’s world-class landmarks and museums, and cutting-edge galleries. Amp up the excitement with our artsy team-building ideas, exploring dynamic creative hubs and vibrant street art that fuel up your team's creativity!
Wellness & Nature
Beyond the towering skyscrapers of Hong Kong lies a hidden gem - a wellness sanctuary that will invigorate your senses and rejuvenate your spirit. With an impressive 75% of green space within its land mass, this city offers an abundance of revitalising options within easy reach. Plan and design creative itineraries as diverse as tranquil meditation, forest bathing, sky-high hiking, or adrenaline-packed sea adventures to reenergise and pump up your team’s spirits!
Neighbourhoods - Old Town Central
Explore the vibrant neighbourhood of Old Town Central and immerse yourself in a world that is steeped in history and home to the world’s coolest streets! This is where Hong Kong's unique East-meets-West characteristics flourish, evident in the blend of traditional and contemporary influences seen in its heritage sites, dining options, exciting street art scene and more.
Neighbourhoods - West Kowloon
Immerse in the vibrant and bustling neighbourhood of West Kowloon, where traditional and modern explorations coexist in perfect harmony. Marvel at the grandeur of one of the world's largest cultural quarters, the West Kowloon Cultural District, and delve into the captivating precincts of Jordan and Yau Ma Tei, brimming with traditional craftsmanship, local artistry, and charming nostalgic cafes. Get ready for delightful surprises at every turn!
Neighbourhoods - Lantau
Discover Lantau Island, renowned for its stunning natural landscapes and the well-preserved village of Tai O, that offers so much more than just scenic beauty. It is a mecca for thrilling incentives, with a plethora of iconic attractions, exciting new experiences, a versatile convention and exhibition venue, a variety of hotel options, and the added convenience of being just a 5-minute drive away from the city’s airport development, 11SKIES.
Nightlife & Parties
In Hong Kong, work and play go hand in hand, creating a vibrant atmosphere that never rests. With a wide selection of exclusive venues, signature bars, and interactive tasting workshops, you can party from day to night in the city that never sleeps. Elevate your corporate party up a notch by incorporating the city’s mega events and cultural festivals that drum up your team’s bonding.
Hong Kong Signatures
Hong Kong’s signature experiences are second to none, offering a perfect start to your team’s incredible journey. From jaw-dropping attractions to unforgettable adventures, these awe-inspiring highlights are sure to leave a lasting impression. Our tip? Begin your extraordinary adventure with one of these ideas and conclude it on a high note, creating timeless memories and fostering long-lasting team bonding to rev up your team’s experiences.
Theme Parks & New Attractions
Embark on a new adventure journey at every turn with the latest enhancements at our world-class theme parks, world-first attractions and many more you won’t want to be left out.
New “EAT” Place
As a paradise for shopaholics and foodies alike, you will be spoilt for choice in Hong Kong. Glamorous malls, bustling street markets and countless dining options await, including local delicacies, trendy cafés and award-winning restaurants.
New Hotel Options
In the space of two years, Hong Kongadded 15 new hotel optionsto its collection, including five-star hotels in close proximity to top-notch convention centres. With over 320 hotels and 89,000 rooms across the city – from luxurious and upscale to more budget-friendly options – Hong Kong comfortably accommodates events of all sizes.
New Developments
Hong Kong is a city that never stands still.SKYCITYis set to transform the city’s airport into an ‘Airport City’ with Hong Kong’s largest retail, dining and entertainment hub;Kai Tak Sports Parkis developing a plan to be a fully integrated, vibrant destination and, not to mention, the largest sports infrastructure in town!
Hear from event planners and attendees who’ve experienced in first person why Hong Kong is an ideal destination for delivering seamless world-class events.
Hong Kong as Asia’s luxury hub was deemed the ideal destination to debut the Leaders of Luxury Summit. Organised by Robb Report Hong Kong, the three-day summit staged at Regent Hong Kong  brought together over 500 luxury industry titans, brand and industry leadersfrom 16 countries and regions to discuss pivotal topics that “Redefine Luxury Through a Global Lens”, delving into current trends, disruptions and future directions of the global luxury market.
For the first time, Mainland’s Fortune 500 restaurant giant Yum China has selected Hong Kong to hold its annual 2024 Yum China RGM Convention.
The Super Terminal Expo 2024, held at Hong Kong's AsiaWorld-Expo, marked a significant milestone in the realm of terminal design, construction, and operations. The inaugural event gathered more than 2,000 participants and over 100 expert speakers and hosted more than 80 sessions, focusing on the critical challenges facing the industry and showcasing innovative solutions for both passenger and cargo terminals.
The 30th East Asian Insurance Congress (EAIC 2024), themed “Back to the Future – Empowering East Asian Insurers for 2044 and Beyond”, marked a significant milestone in the insurance industry. This prestigious event attracted over 1,000 participants, including insurers, reinsurers, brokers, regulators, and young talents from more than 30 cities and countries. It is Hong Kong's third time hosting this prestigious gathering.
Asia’s leading international trade show for the region’s fresh produce business made a triumphant return to Hong Kong with a sizable turnout and a harvest for all participants.
Leading Chinese liquor company Luzhou Laojiao brought 1,250 of its best-performing distributors for a rewarding incentive programme in Hong Kong in August 2023.
18 Feb 2025 - 20 Feb 2025
20 Feb 2025 - 23 Feb 2025
12 Mar 2025 - 14 Mar 2025
18 Apr 2025 - 21 Apr 2025
27 Apr 2025 - 30 Apr 2025
14 May 2025 - 16 May 2025
20 Jun 2025 - 22 Jun 2025