Title: Image and Video Gallery | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/eng/hktb/newsroom/media-gallery.html

Welcome to the Image and Video Gallery of Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB). Users of this gallery are bound by the Conditions of Use and Terms and Conditions set out below. If you do not agree to all of these terms, do not use this gallery.
Images and videos in this gallery are licensed to the public and our registered trade partners and media representatives for download unless otherwise specified. You agree that:
The Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB) and/or its respective suppliers make no representation about the suitability of the information, Content and related materials provided (whether published on HKTB Websites or otherwise) for any purpose. All such information, Content and related materials, including but not limited to details of attractions, events, hotels, tours and cruises, are provided to the HKTB by its respective suppliers or operators. It is recommended that prospective user should liaise directly with these suppliers or operators to confirm any information that they seek to rely on.
Any subject appearing in the Content held, distributed or published by the Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB) or any reference made by the HKTB (whether published on HKTB Websites or otherwise) does not imply an endorsement or recommendation of the quality of fitness of purpose of that company or entity, or its services or products.
The HKTB provides the information, Content and related materials in slide or electronic format, or published on its Website, or in any other form, without warranty of any kind and the HKTB and/or its suppliers disclaim all warranties and conditions including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall the HKTB and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any incidental, special, direct, indirect, punitive or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, business, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or misuse or reproduction of such Content provided, even if HKTB has been advised of the provision of such damage.
Change, alteration, manipulation, deformation, deletion or addition to the Content (including its subject, components, caption and any graphic or image thereon) or creation of any derivative works with respect thereto, whether paid for or supplied free of charge, is strictly forbidden without the prior written approval of the HKTB.
Copyright ©2021Hong Kong Tourism Board. All rights reserved.
Access to, and use of, the Asset Library will be subject to Terms and Conditions which you agree by clicking the “Proceed" button.
You will be directed to the Asset Library webpage which is run on Asset Bank©, a digital asset management solution operated by Bright Interactive Ltd. Any collection and use of your personal data via the Asset Library webpage will be subject to such third partyprivacyandcookiespolicies available on the webpage.