Title: Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
Date: None
URL: https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy

When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.
Privacy Check-Up
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Check-Up
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content such as emails and photos, or to see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all; for example, searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, likeChrome Incognitomode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions forkey terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you cancontact us.
We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like whichads you’ll find most useful,the people who matter most to you onlineor which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect withunique identifierstied to the browser, application ordevicethat you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat aspersonal information.
When you create a Google Account, you provide us withpersonal informationthat includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add aphone numberorpayment informationto your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content that you create, upload or receive from others when using our services. This includes things such as email you write and receive, photos and videos that you save, docs and spreadsheets you create and comments that you make on YouTube videos.
We collect information about the apps, browsers anddevicesthat you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features such as automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information that we collect includesunique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including operator name and phone number and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services, includingIP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers – for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using anAndroid device with Google apps, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like yourdevice type and operator name, crash reports, which apps you've installed and, depending on your device settings,other information about how you’re using your Android device.
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video that you might like. The activity information that we collect may include:
If you use ourservices to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products that you’re using and the settings that you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products that you use more helpful. These include:
The types of location data that we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you canturn your Android device’s location on or offusing the device’s settings app. You can also turn onLocation Historyif you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more abouthow we use location information.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you frompublicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services which provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information toprotect against abuse. We also receive information from partners to provideadvertising and research services on their behalf.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, includingcookies,pixel tags, local storage, such asbrowser web storageorapplication data caches, databases andserver logs.
We use the information that we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
We use your information todeliver our services, such as processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.Maintain & improve our servicesWe also use your information toensure that our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information tomake improvementsto our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.Develop new servicesWe use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.Provide personalised services, including content and adsWe use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content andcustomised search results. For example,Security Check-Upprovides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.Depending on your settings, we may also show youpersonalised adsbased on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings inMy Ad Centre.We don’t show you personalised ads based onsensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.Go to My Ad CentreMeasure performanceWe use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google tolink informationabout your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.Communicate with youWe use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.Protect Google, our users and the publicWe use information to help improve thesafety and reliabilityof our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users orthe public.We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help usdetect abusesuch as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also usealgorithmsto recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.We mayuse the information that we collectacross our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,your activity on other sites and appsmay be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
We also use your information toensure that our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information tomake improvementsto our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.Develop new servicesWe use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.Provide personalised services, including content and adsWe use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content andcustomised search results. For example,Security Check-Upprovides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.Depending on your settings, we may also show youpersonalised adsbased on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings inMy Ad Centre.We don’t show you personalised ads based onsensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.Go to My Ad CentreMeasure performanceWe use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google tolink informationabout your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.Communicate with youWe use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.Protect Google, our users and the publicWe use information to help improve thesafety and reliabilityof our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users orthe public.We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help usdetect abusesuch as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also usealgorithmsto recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.We mayuse the information that we collectacross our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,your activity on other sites and appsmay be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
We use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content andcustomised search results. For example,Security Check-Upprovides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show youpersonalised adsbased on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings inMy Ad Centre.
Go to My Ad Centre
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google tolink informationabout your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
We use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
We use information to help improve thesafety and reliabilityof our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users orthe public.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help usdetect abusesuch as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also usealgorithmsto recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.
We mayuse the information that we collectacross our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,your activity on other sites and appsmay be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit thePrivacy Check-Up, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products – you can learn more in ourProduct Privacy Guide.
Go to Privacy Check-Up
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content that you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. YourGoogle Accountincludes:
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos that you watch and the things that you search for are saved in your account so that you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so that you can get more personalised experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whetherinformation about your activity on other sites, apps and devices that use Google services, such as apps that you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps thatpartner with Googleto show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Centre
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, such as reviews and recommendations, which appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches that you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your information
Inactive Account Managerallows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can alsorequest to remove contentfrom specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information that Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information inads, depending on your Shared Endorsements setting.
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if youuse Google Home to make a reservationthrough a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls toreview and manage third-party apps and sitesthat you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share anysensitive personal information.
If you’re a student, or work for an organisation that uses Google services, yourdomain administratorand resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
We provide personal information to ouraffiliatesand other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centres, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety, and analyse and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may sharenon-personally identifiable informationpublicly and with our partners – such as publishers, advertisers, developers or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly toshow trendsabout the general use of our services. We also allowspecific partnersto collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold, including:
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your information
We retain the data that we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it and how you configure your settings:
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymised form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’sdata retention periods, including how long it takes for us to delete your information.
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
We maintainservers around the worldand your information may be processed on servers located outside the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certainlegal frameworksrelating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and itsaffiliates, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access toarchived versionsfor your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
If you’re a member of an organisation that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in theGoogle Cloud Privacy Notice.
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings:
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about thecompanies providing business services in the EU.
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an Internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in 'local storage' mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and re-opened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more abouthow Google uses cookiesand how Google uses data, including cookies,when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers and smartphones are all considered devices.
You may access some of our services by signing up for aGoogle Accountand providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorised access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more abouthow we use location information.
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or refers to an individually identifiable user.
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination web page by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last web page the browser visited.
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for 'cars' looks like this:
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences and providing personalised advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more abouthow Google uses cookies.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognise a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can bemanagedin your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customise our service to your device or analyse device issues related to our services.
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area that you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least three sq. km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity atMy Activity.
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third-party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You canlearn moreabout some of the ways that you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for 'pizza'. Learn moreabout Google adsandwhy you may see particular ads.
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programmes so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers, which don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services such as Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialler, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input and security features. Learn more aboutGoogle Play services.
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can obtain more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You canlearn more here. You may also get customised search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customisation, you cansearch and browse privatelyor turn offsigned-out search personalisation.
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (includingchild sexual abuse and exploitation material) and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to the appropriate authorities.
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie that you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
For example, we analyse how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, such as Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer) and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (such as MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.Learn more
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Find out more in ourTransparency Report.
For example, we use cookies to analyse how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyse its traffic.Learn more
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyses these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.Learn more.
There are over two million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.Learn more
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, such as apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, such as a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect date of birth indicating that you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.Learn more
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.Learn more
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you and make the ads you see more relevant to you.Learn more
You might choose to save places that are important to you, such as your home or your work, to your Google Account. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses at any time in yourGoogle Account.
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
For example, we may collect information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business' information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.Learn more
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
When showing you personalised ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things such as 'Cooking and Recipes' or 'Air Travel'. We don’t use topics or show personalised ads based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health. And werequire the same from advertiserswho use our services.
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to work out your direction of travel. Learn more abouthow we use location information.
For example, we operate data centres locatedaround the worldto help keep our products continuously available for users.
Examples of these services include:
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.Learn more
For example, you can deleteyour blogfrom Blogger ora Google Site you ownfrom Google Sites. You can also deletereviewsthat you’ve left on apps, games and other content in the Play Store.
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.Learn moreabout these partners and how they use your information.
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronisation with your Google Account.Learn more
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc or Bcc field of an email you’re composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people youcontact most frequently.
For example, we process information aboutrequests to remove contentfrom our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability, and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
For example, we process your information to report usage statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so that we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely to have been seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like 'Hey Google', Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.Learn more
This activity might come from your use of Google services, for example from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on youraccount settings, and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Find out moreabout how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.