Title: นโยบายคุกกี้ | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/th/cookies.html

Hong Kong Tourism Board, with a place of business at 9-11 Floor, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road, North Point, Hong Kong("we", "us" and "our") operate the websitewww.discoverhongkong.com("Website") and other applications and APIs (collectively the "Services").
Our Services uses cookies and other tools to help distinguish you from other users of the Services. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the Services and also allows us to improve the Services.
Cookies are small text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded and may be stored on any of your internet enabled devices e.g. your computer, smartphone or tablet - like a memory for a web page.
This means we automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
We also use other technologies such as web beacons, tracking URLs or SDKs (software development kits). Web beacons are small graphic files that contain a unique identifier that allows us to check whether you have accessed certain content, tracking URLs help us understand where the traffic to our Services comes from, and SDKs are set of programs and tools that allows for the creation of applications, and work similar to cookies and web beacons. For the purposes of this Cookie Policy, all such technologies will be considered 'Cookies'.
OurPrivacy Policysets out full details of the other information we collect and how we use your personal information.
Please clickhereto view a list of cookies we use.
We use the following cookies:
Please note that some cookies on the Website and other parts of the Services are managed by third parties, including, for example, advertising networks, features such as videos, maps and social media API, and providers of external websites like web traffic analysis services. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. You should refer to the third parties’ own cookie and privacy policies for information about how they may use your information.
The third party cookies we use in our Services, include but are not limited to:
In particular, we use Google Analytics cookies to obtain an overall view of visitor habits and visitor volumes, and to help improve the overall experience of our Services.
We use Google Analytics, a third-party web analysis service provided by Google Inc, which uses "performance cookies" and "targeting cookies" to analyse how you use the Website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, this website uses Google Analytics with the expansion '_anonymizeIp()' which means that Google will truncate/anonymise the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union.
On our behalf Google will use the information collected for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser as described above. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available underhttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB#.  You may disable the use of Google Analytics by using the link disable Google Analytics. This link creates an opt-out cookie which prevents the further processing of your data. For more information about Google Analytics cookies, please see Google's help pages and privacy policy. If you do not accept the use of these cookies, we cannot guarantee how our Services will perform for you.
You can block cookies by activating the setting within your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.  Please be aware if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Services.
If you wish to change the cookies settings of our website at any time, you can enable/disable certain cookies using our Cookies Settinghere. Please note that some of the services will not function so well if cookies are disabled.
For more information about how to do this, please seehttp://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/clear-cookies-installed.html, or follow the 'Help' option in your internet browser for more details.
Updated in February 2024