Title: The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair_CHINA HI-TECH FAIRCHINA HI-TECH FAIR
Date: None
URL: http://www.chtf.com/english/Conferences/caiguoduijiehui/

Global Buyer-supplier Matchmaking Conference
To ensure the maximum value for exhibitors, buyers, and professional visitors, CHTF will hold Global Buyer-supplier Matchmaking Conference alongside the exhibition to promote partnership establishing and contract signing on site.
Join Global Buyer Invitation Programme of CHTF 2024
Enjoy Eight Purchasing Benefits
CHTF 2024 - Global Buyer Invitation Programme
Global Buyer Invitation Programme is a campaign launched by the China Hi-Tech Fair to promote on-site transactions and face-to-face networking between exhibitors and professional buyers, which ensures the satisfaction of the event attendees. CHTF serves as a "matchmaker" between the supplier and buyer. It helps the exhibitors win orders, and helps domestic and foreign buyers optimize their supply chains and explore new technologies and good products.
Benefits for Global Buyers
1.VIP badges and streamlined entry
2.Pre-arranged meetings with exhibitors
3.Complimentary gifts and meals
4.One place available for CHTF opening ceremony
5.VIP lounge for rest
6.Complimentary transportation from hotel to the venue
7. Complimentary hotel accommodations
8.A chance of lucky draw for signing contracts on-site (for the first 500 contractors each day)
Highlights
Efficient Procurement, Accurate Business MatchingPrecise exhibitor-buyer matching on site for efficient partnership establishing
Professional Team with Extensive ExperienceWe have an experienced and highly professional team that can provide the buyers with a full range of services to support their procurement. The CHTF Organizing Committee will hold group discussions, exhibitor-buyer matching meetings and other networking activities to offer exclusive services for both supply and demand parties, making CHTF 2024 a wonderful platform for in-depth communication and potential cooperation.
Thousands of Exhibitors with Cutting-edge ProductsCHTF 2024 brings together thousands of high-quality tech brands, universities, research institutes, and factories, provides golden opportunities for the attendees to network and collaborate, and helps buyers build a complete supply chain for effortless procurement.
Promotion Resources and Financial SupportChina Hi-Tech Fair leverages exclusive promotional resources and financial support to help exhibitors and buyers expand growth. Meanwhile, CHTF’s official website, WeChat Push, WeChat Video Channel, Weibo and other social media channels will help increase the popularity of the event and expand the influence of exhibitors’ brands.
Promote Research Findings, Facilitate International Collaboration
China Hi-Tech Fair has always adhered to the tenet of "Speed up the transformation of traditional industries with advanced technologies, deep the connection between technological achievements and capital, and promote the property rights’ transactions of small and medium-sized tech enterprises". CHTF 2024 is committed to building an "international, professional, and market-oriented" technological innovation platform to better serve enterprises with a full range of services.
During the 25th China Hi-Tech Fair, 17 projects were signed for deep cooperation on site, with a total transaction amount of CNY37.279 billion. CHTF 2024 will continue to organize diverse concurrent events such as project matching activities, giving full play to the brand influence, professionalism and resource advantages of the China Hi-Tech Fair. The permanent institutions of CHTF rely on powerful database and network platforms to provide project holders with comprehensive services including product showcase, technical reviews, expert consultations, financing consultations, matchmaking and promotion, and transaction confirmation. CHTF has developed long-term partnership with various investment and financing institutions and enterprises. Through activities such as exhibitions, business matchmaking, professional forums and meetings, project matchmaking, transactions and promotions, CHTF has become a prominent platform for tech achievements’ transaction.
How to Register as Professional Buyer
Register for Global Buyer Invitation Programme: Submit online purchase intension form——CHTF Organizing Committee reviews qualifications——Be notified as qualified buyers——Attend CHTF 2024 and identify possible suppliers;
Buyer registration will be closed on November 12, 2024
Global Buyer-supplier Matchmaking Conference will take place from November 12-14.
Contacts
Ms. Lin
Mobile: 86 181 9405 5260
Ms. Zhou
Mobile: 86 180 2535 8031
Clickhttps://www.wjx.top/vm/r1GzE3g.aspxor scan the QR code
Scan to register
Contacts
The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair Organizing Committee Office – Concurrent Events Team
Ms. Wang Fei
Mobile: 86 186 0051 1517
Email: wangyifei@zhenweiexpo.com
Ms. Gao Yitong
Mobile: 86 139 2072 2300
Email: gaoyitong1019@sina.com
Mr. Xu Pengfei
Mobile: 86 166 0262 6228
Email: neilhsu516@foxmail.com