Title: City Beat | What are the ‘facts’ for Beijing’s top man in charge of Hong Kong affairs on his fact-finding mission to the city? | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:7:05pm, 25 Feb 2024
URL: https://www.scmp.com/comment/opinion/hong-kong/article/3253147/what-are-facts-beijings-top-man-charge-hong-kong-affairs-his-fact-finding-mission-city#comments

Visits to Hong Kong by China’s state leaders and top officials can be quite telling when it comes to what Beijing may have in mind for policy priorities concerning this city. And one that speaks volumes is the ongoing seven-day “inspection” or “fact-finding” visit by Xia Baolong, the top man overseeing Hong Kong affairs.
In his official capacity as director of the Communist Party Central Committee’s Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, and executive deputy head of the party’s powerful Central Leading Group, it is becoming apparent that Xia is on a mission with a clear economic focus, although he is also here to gauge public feedback as consultation on the city’s home-grown national security legislation ends on Wednesday.
Xia’s packed schedule since he arrived last Thursday seemed to underscore economic priorities over politics, with one eye-catching highlight being a four-hour session – the longest single meeting so far – with local as well as foreign business heavyweights. And on Monday he meets the heads of all the major foreign business groups, including the American Chamber of Commerce.
The message is loud and clear: be confident in Hong Kong’s future; Beijing’s unwavering support for the city remains steadfast; and contribution by the business sector, including local and foreign operators, is needed and appreciated.
Confirming an exclusive report by the South China Morning Post last week, the local government officially announced Xia’s visit as a mission to “gain better understanding of Hong Kong’s latest situation”.
The term “official visit” to describe such trips has been quietly, yet noticeably, replaced by “inspection” in recent years. The Chinese version of the government’s press release more accurately described Xia’s mission askaochadiaoyan:kaochameaning “inspection” anddiaoyanfor “looking into and studying [the situation]”. The “inspection-plus-study” practice has been requested of senior officials by President Xi Jinping when they reach out to local areas – no more hit-and-run visits of the “Cook’s tour” type.
Xia is well aware that Hong Kong’s economy is not in a good shape, thanks to the complexities of internal and external factors, but a first-hand look on the ground gives him a better sense of the city’s pulse which he can report back to President Xi and the top leadership as a highly trusted point man.