Title: Editorial | It’s time for expos to reinvent themselves | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:6:45am, 12 Jan 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/opinion/hong-kong-opinion/article/3294380/its-time-expos-reinvent-themselves

Such events can no longer rely on tradition. More attractive and creative offers and features are needed to entice customers to dig deeper
Like many businesses, expos in Hong Kong have been struggling. But the Hong Kong Brands and Products Expo, one of the city’s largest which just ended, reported that sales and visitor numbers have returned to pre-pandemic levels. That augurs well for the business sector, as the annual event, now over half a century old, is a bellwether.
The 24-day event drew about 1.3 million visitors while sales are expected at around HK$1 billion (US$128 million). Both figures are about the same as last year but up from two years ago.
Business has stabilised but it is not expanding as fast. Visitors, like shoppers elsewhere, did not spend as freely as before. More attractive and creative offers and features are needed to entice customers to dig deeper into their pockets.
The resumption of the multi-entry visa scheme from the mainland side has greatly helped to improve business. It enabled local organisers to form direct partnerships with mainland tour agencies. The visa scheme resumed on December 1, allowing Shenzhen residents to make an unlimited number of visits to the city within a year so long as each one does not last more than a week.
Traditional discounts such as abalones and dried shiitake mushrooms by up to 50 per cent remained some of the expo’s biggest crowd-pleasers, and last-minute bargains attracted the usual elderly shoppers. But events promoters cannot just rely on past practices. Many of the fair’s booths were old-fashioned. Their goal ought to be to attract younger people and to change its public image as catering mainly to the older generations.
Publicity and promotion need to be enhanced, though a new focus on using social media to get the word out is welcome.