Title: Locals drive Hong Kong life insurance sales to record; Middle East, Southeast Asia rise | South China Morning Post
Date: Published:3:00pm, 17 Jan 2025
URL: https://www.scmp.com/business/banking-finance/article/3295159/hong-kong-life-insurance-sales-set-record-middle-east-southeast-asia-buyers-rush

New life insurance sales in the first nine months of 2024 stood at HK$169.6 billion (US$21.8 billion), the highest since the authority set up in 2016
Life insurance sales soared to a record in Hong Kong last year, driven by buying from local customers, as business from the Middle East, Southeast Asia and mainland China picked up.
Sales grew 15.7 per cent in the first nine months of 2024 to HK$169.6 billion (US$21.7 billion), from HK$146.5 billion in the same period in 2023, according to the Insurance Authority (IA). Mainland customers snapped up Hong Kong’s coverage as hedges against the yuan’s depreciating value against the US dollar, helping to spur the city’s sales to the highest level since the IA’s establishment in 2016.
“People from around the world, including Indonesia, the Philippines and Singapore, are buying life policies in Hong Kong,” the IA’s executive director of long-term business Marty Lui said during a media briefing. “An increasing number of Middle East visitors are buying policies in Hong Kong.”
The authority will collect more data on the buying habits and policy types of these visitors to help formulate measures to promote sales, as well as for protecting their interests, he said.
“If data shows more Middle East visitors buying, we will need to issue educational materials in Arabic to raise awareness among customers and protect them,” Lui said. The IA will propose measures to prevent insurers from overstating the potential dividend payouts from their policies, and review the commission shared with sales agents, he added.
Sales to mainland visitors dipped by 0.4 per cent to HK$46.6 billion during the nine-month period, compared with a year earlier. Mainland insurance buyers made up 27.6 per cent of the total life and medical sales during the period, the data showed.