Title: 800 special activities waiting for you around Spring Festival - Zhongshan, China | 中山城市英文门户网
Date: None
URL: https://en.zsnews.cn/CULTUREEDUCATION/LatestEvents/content/382/42569.html

A press conference was held on January 9 in Guangzhou to introduce the "Please come to Guangdong to celebrate the Spring Festival" culture and tourism series activities. Zhongshan will hold about 800 special activities around the Spring Festival, inviting visitors from across the world to enjoy festive fairs, traditional folk customs, exciting performances and local delicacies in the city.
Starting from Chinese New Year's Eve, Zhongshan will host various intangible cultural heritage-themed activities. For example, ICH parades,  fire pot shows, Spring Festival concerts and lantern shows, and traditional martial arts shows will take place on the Sunwen West Road pedestrian street.
Zhongshan Movie Town will host lion dance parades, Tang Dynasty cultural fairs, time traveling flash mobs, ICH fire pot and iron firework shows and etc, allowing visitors to enjoy a special Spring Festival holiday.
The 38th Zhongshan Charity Parade will take place on February 12 (the fifteenth day of the first lunar month), bringing together about 200 parade teams and over 20 intangible cultural heritage performance teams to showcase the boundless love of Zhongshan people.
Themed on hot springs, delicacies, performances and entertainment, Zhongshan will launch excellent tourist routes. For example, the "Joyful Leisure Vacation Tour" route allows you to take Lingnan-style hot spring baths, stay in boutique homestays in Guinan, Nanqiao, Guhe and other villages, and enjoy intangible cultural heritage delicacies such as Sanxiang glutinous rice balls and Shiqi pigeons.
Over a hundred consumption activities will be launched across the city. For example, Shiqi will hold a Spring Festival food carnival, and invite well-known local restaurants and creative enterprises to host trade shows.
About ZhongshanNewsBusinessCultureServices
Copyright © 2018-2019 Zhongshan Daily Newspaper Group. All rights reserved. Presented by zsnews.cn