Title: 'Momentos' exhibition welcomes visitors | EYESHENZHEN
Date: None
URL: http://www.eyeshenzhen.com/content/2024-11/12/content_31328212.htm

An exhibition featuring masterpieces by distinguished Chinese painters and calligraphers is currently taking place at the new branch of the Shenzhen Art Museum in Longhua District.
The exhibition marks the second phase of “Momentos — Masterpieces With Inscriptions Dedicated to Shenzhen Art Museum.” It highlights the contributions of many renowned artists in supporting the cultural landscape of Shenzhen since the reform and opening up, presenting meticulously curated artworks, photographs, original letters and other relevant documents.
“Girl and Deer” by Cheng Shifa.File photos
Works at the exhibition are displayed in five sections: flower and bird paintings, landscape paintings, figure paintings, calligraphy works and a dedicated letter section. Upon entering the museum, visitors are immediately captivated by the timeless charm of these classic collections created by esteemed artists such as Guan Shanyue, Li Xiongcai, Wu Guanzhong, Lu Yanshao, and Xie Zhiliu, among others. The exhibition aims to inspire visitors to delve into the narratives behind the acclaimed works and explore the artistic legacies of these celebrated individuals.
Paintings of birds and flowers
Traditional Chinese paintings are usually categorized into three major subjects — landscapes, figures, and flowers and birds. The genre of flowers and birds encompasses not only flora and fauna, but also various objects like saddles, horses, livestock, bamboo and stones, fruits and vegetables, among others from nature.
Over the time, flower and bird paintings have undergone a transformation to blend Eastern and Western influences, resulting in numerous delightful artworks appreciated by the public. The artworks featured at the exhibition showcase various painting styles, such as the Shanghai School, the Lingnan School and the Chang’an School, each presenting their distinctive masterpieces.
“Flower of Chinese Harbaceous Peony by Nianqiao Bridge” by Huang Yongyu.
One of the notable paintings in this genre at the exhibition is “Flower of Chinese Harbaceous Peony by Nianqiao Bridge” by the late artist Huang Yongyu. Huang, a former professor at the Central Academy of Fine Arts, completed this piece in 2004 when he was 80 years old, and dedicated it to Shenzhen Art Museum.
The “Ink Lotus Painting” by Xie Zhiliu and Chen Peiqiu was inscribed and presented to Shenzhen Art Museum by Chen Jianbi and Xie Zhiliu following a visit in January 1979. Additionally, Wang Ruolan’s “Orchid” was contributed to the museum in 1992.
Landscape paintings
Landscape painters use brush and ink to depict the imagery of Chinese landscape, expressing their admiration for the magnificent mountains and rivers of their homeland. The collection of landscape paintings on display in this exhibition not only draws from traditions, but also embraces the essence of contemporary society.
“Mountainous Village” by Wu Guanzhong.
One significant piece is “Mountainous Village,” painted by Wu Guanzhong in 1986 to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Shenzhen Art Museum. Wu was a renowned artist of the 20th century in both Chinese and international art scenes. Born in 1919 in Jiangsu Province, Wu studied art in France in 1947, fusing the aesthetics of traditional Chinese ink painting with modern Western art, establishing the distinctive “Wu studio style” that birthed a wealth of great classics.
Among the landscape exhibits, visitors are sure to be moved by the “Exterior of Shenzhen Exhibition Hall,” a painting by Shao Yu from 1977 inscribed to the museum after his visit.
Calligraphy works
Calligraphy is the art form that best showcases the aesthetic beauty of Chinese characters. The exhibited collection features inscriptions and poetic verses by renowned artists like Lin Sanxi during important anniversaries of the Shenzhen Art Museum, in support of the development of Shenzhen’s art scene. Guan Shanyue’s calligraphy piece, dedicated to the museum in 1995 for its 15th anniversary, notably stands out.
“The Opera Heroine” by Nie Qianyin.
Dates:Until Feb. 16, 2025
Venue:Shenzhen Art Museum, Longhua District
Metro:Line 4 or 6 to Hongshan Station, Exit A1