Title: A call to action for urgent climate solutions_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2023-09/25/content_30496483.htm

SEA levels in Shenzhen are rising at an alarming rate of three to five centimeters annually. At this pace, significant portions of coastal areas could be submerged within 60 to 80 years. However, the consequences of rising sea levels extend beyond water intrusion. Issues such as hypersalinity and nutrient overloading also arise, which may contribute to ecological collapse and the deterioration of the built environment.The areas most affected by sea level rise are reclaimed lands. Satellite measurements indicate that Shenzhen’s reclaimed land is experiencing significant coastal subsidence, particularly in areas such as Shenzhen’s airport, the Bao’an CBD area, Qianhai Bay, and Shenzhen Bay. Unfortunately, these regions are also most prone to increasing floods, droughts, extreme heat waves, and tropical cyclones, as we have been experiencing this summer.In ecosystems, everything is interconnected, including human beings. Water plays a crucial role in shaping and stabilizing ecosystems as a key driver and as a byproduct of biodiversity. However, the disruption of coastlines, river courses, deltas (e.g., the Dasha River Delta), wetland connectivity, and landscape elevation is altering the hydrological cycle. This, in turn, impacts water distribution and availability on land and has far-reaching implications especially for marine biodiversity, including mangroves and oyster reefs that depend on water fluxes and their nutrient supply.To address these pressing water-related issues, we need to integrate pro-climate actions at all levels, from buildings to communities, to preserve or enhance the climate-biodiversity-habitat nexus that underpins ecosystem functions. Therefore, it is crucial to preserve and connect natural ecosystems while promoting biodiversity within human-made structures, from buildings to infrastructure.Since 2000, Shenzhen has been experiencing more extreme precipitation events, with a perceived increase in both extreme wet and dry years. This leads to numerous challenges, such as droughts with significantly lower winter precipitation and floods caused by intense summer storms that are aggravated by disrupted habitats, resulting in water being redirected to undesired areas.Without action, the number of days with moderate and heavy rain in the city will increase by 16.93% and 29.33%, respectively, by the end of the 21st century, under the worst projected scenario. This, coupled with rising sea levels, presents a major problem if we continue with our current landscape-altering practices.Therefore, it is imperative that we adapt to a changing climate and prioritize ecological enhancement alongside mitigation efforts. By enhancing the ecology as an integral part of the natural and built environments, we can regulate the climate and generate self-forming habitats. These efforts include enhancing sponge habitats, restoring estuarine drainage, and building ecosystems that mimic natural landforms, attracting species and regulating the hydrologic cycle. Changes in response to future climate challenges are necessary, with nature at the center of our endeavors. We have the power to shape the future climate through our choices and investments in ecology. Urgent policies, funding, and transdisciplinary teamwork are necessary to ensure our survival. Development cannot come at the expense of sacrificing nature, as it is the foundation of any sustainable future.(Matteo Convertino)
SEA levels in Shenzhen are rising at an alarming rate of three to five centimeters annually. At this pace, significant portions of coastal areas could be submerged within 60 to 80 years. However, the consequences of rising sea levels extend beyond water intrusion. Issues such as hypersalinity and nutrient overloading also arise, which may contribute to ecological collapse and the deterioration of the built environment.
The areas most affected by sea level rise are reclaimed lands. Satellite measurements indicate that Shenzhen’s reclaimed land is experiencing significant coastal subsidence, particularly in areas such as Shenzhen’s airport, the Bao’an CBD area, Qianhai Bay, and Shenzhen Bay. Unfortunately, these regions are also most prone to increasing floods, droughts, extreme heat waves, and tropical cyclones, as we have been experiencing this summer.
In ecosystems, everything is interconnected, including human beings. Water plays a crucial role in shaping and stabilizing ecosystems as a key driver and as a byproduct of biodiversity. However, the disruption of coastlines, river courses, deltas (e.g., the Dasha River Delta), wetland connectivity, and landscape elevation is altering the hydrological cycle. This, in turn, impacts water distribution and availability on land and has far-reaching implications especially for marine biodiversity, including mangroves and oyster reefs that depend on water fluxes and their nutrient supply.
To address these pressing water-related issues, we need to integrate pro-climate actions at all levels, from buildings to communities, to preserve or enhance the climate-biodiversity-habitat nexus that underpins ecosystem functions. Therefore, it is crucial to preserve and connect natural ecosystems while promoting biodiversity within human-made structures, from buildings to infrastructure.
Since 2000, Shenzhen has been experiencing more extreme precipitation events, with a perceived increase in both extreme wet and dry years. This leads to numerous challenges, such as droughts with significantly lower winter precipitation and floods caused by intense summer storms that are aggravated by disrupted habitats, resulting in water being redirected to undesired areas.
Without action, the number of days with moderate and heavy rain in the city will increase by 16.93% and 29.33%, respectively, by the end of the 21st century, under the worst projected scenario. This, coupled with rising sea levels, presents a major problem if we continue with our current landscape-altering practices.
Therefore, it is imperative that we adapt to a changing climate and prioritize ecological enhancement alongside mitigation efforts. By enhancing the ecology as an integral part of the natural and built environments, we can regulate the climate and generate self-forming habitats. These efforts include enhancing sponge habitats, restoring estuarine drainage, and building ecosystems that mimic natural landforms, attracting species and regulating the hydrologic cycle. Changes in response to future climate challenges are necessary, with nature at the center of our endeavors. We have the power to shape the future climate through our choices and investments in ecology. Urgent policies, funding, and transdisciplinary teamwork are necessary to ensure our survival. Development cannot come at the expense of sacrificing nature, as it is the foundation of any sustainable future.(Matteo Convertino)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com