Title: Doraemon-themed trains start operation_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2024-07/31/content_31117799.htm

THE Doraemon-themed high-speed trains between Hong Kong and South China’s Guangdong Province began service over the weekend, transporting passengers to and from Hong Kong, Shenzhen and Guangzhou on an immersive journey.Now until Aug. 18, passengers on board of the themed trains are able to travel in style with decorated cabins featuring cartoon character Doraemon on designated days to and from Hong Kong’s West Kowloon Station as well as Guangzhou South, Shenzhen North and Futian railway stations.On Saturday, the first themed train, G6582, departed from Hong Kong’s West Kowloon Station at 8:23 a.m. for Guangzhou South Station. At 9:43 a.m., the southbound G6581 left Guangzhou South for West Kowloon.MTR Corporation Ltd. said that the cross-boundary carriages with the manga makeover constitute a grand finale to a series of Doraemon-themed major transport events in Hong Kong this summer, following the Light Rail, the East Rail line and the Airport Express. The train is uniquely designed with more than 50 special Doraemon figures to create an immersive atmosphere, along with other playful decorations and little surprises both in and out of the carriages.Paul Wong Kah-ming, chief of the MTR Corp’s cross-boundary segment, has said that as a part of Hong Kong’s major events this year, it is hoped that this project can attract more mainland visitors to the city over the summer holidays through upgraded service and enhanced experience, and further boost Hong Kong’s tourism sector.The “100% Doraemon & Friends” tour, one of the world’s largest Doraemon exhibitions, is being held at the famous landmark Avenue of Stars and Tsim Sha Tsui Harborfront until Aug. 18. The show features Doraemon sculptures and interactive installations, and original artworks that showcase the rich world of Doraemon from manga art to movies.(Xinhua)
THE Doraemon-themed high-speed trains between Hong Kong and South China’s Guangdong Province began service over the weekend, transporting passengers to and from Hong Kong, Shenzhen and Guangzhou on an immersive journey.
Now until Aug. 18, passengers on board of the themed trains are able to travel in style with decorated cabins featuring cartoon character Doraemon on designated days to and from Hong Kong’s West Kowloon Station as well as Guangzhou South, Shenzhen North and Futian railway stations.
On Saturday, the first themed train, G6582, departed from Hong Kong’s West Kowloon Station at 8:23 a.m. for Guangzhou South Station. At 9:43 a.m., the southbound G6581 left Guangzhou South for West Kowloon.
MTR Corporation Ltd. said that the cross-boundary carriages with the manga makeover constitute a grand finale to a series of Doraemon-themed major transport events in Hong Kong this summer, following the Light Rail, the East Rail line and the Airport Express. The train is uniquely designed with more than 50 special Doraemon figures to create an immersive atmosphere, along with other playful decorations and little surprises both in and out of the carriages.
Paul Wong Kah-ming, chief of the MTR Corp’s cross-boundary segment, has said that as a part of Hong Kong’s major events this year, it is hoped that this project can attract more mainland visitors to the city over the summer holidays through upgraded service and enhanced experience, and further boost Hong Kong’s tourism sector.
The “100% Doraemon & Friends” tour, one of the world’s largest Doraemon exhibitions, is being held at the famous landmark Avenue of Stars and Tsim Sha Tsui Harborfront until Aug. 18. The show features Doraemon sculptures and interactive installations, and original artworks that showcase the rich world of Doraemon from manga art to movies.(Xinhua)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com