Title: Grad Melissa Benoist near deal to star in ‘Girls on the Bus’
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2022-02/22/content_24946370.htm

SUPERGIRL is staying in the Berlanti camp.Melissa Benoist is near a deal to star in HBO Max’s newly ordered drama series “The Girls on the Bus,” from exec producers Greg Berlanti and Julie Plec. The casting reunites the actress with Berlanti after she spent six seasons wearing the cape as the lead of CBS-turned-The CW’s “Supergirl.” The DC Comics-inspired drama wrapped its run in November, with the final season pushed to March of last year in order to accommodate Benoist’s pregnancy.Reps for HBO Max and producers Warner Bros. TV declined comment as a deal is not officially closed.“The Girls on the Bus” is inspired by a chapter of Amy Chozick’s best-selling book. The comedic, character-driven drama chronicles four female journalists who follow every move of a parade of flawed presidential candidates, while finding friendship, love, and scandal along the way. Benoist is expected to play one of the four central journalists.“The Girls on the Bus” had a wild ride to HBO Max. The drama was originally ordered at Netflix in 2019 following a multiple-outlet bidding war. The streaming giant quietly dropped “Bus” during the quarantine portion of the pandemic in 2020.The drama had a production commitment and was beginning to cast at when the pandemic hit and was ultimately dropped as part of the streamer’s regime change from Cindy Holland (who bought it) to Bela Bajaria (who dropped it). Sources note that the political backdrop of the series was part of the reason Netflix ultimately bailed on the project.The CW picked it up last September and had plans to redevelop the series for its younger-focused audience despite the fact that nearly a full season’s worth of scripts had already been completed.Benoist, whose credits also include “Glee” and “Whiplash,” is repped by UTA, Anonymous Content and Frankfurt Kurnit.A premiere date for “Bus” has not yet been determined.(SD-Agencies)
SUPERGIRL is staying in the Berlanti camp.
Melissa Benoist is near a deal to star in HBO Max’s newly ordered drama series “The Girls on the Bus,” from exec producers Greg Berlanti and Julie Plec. The casting reunites the actress with Berlanti after she spent six seasons wearing the cape as the lead of CBS-turned-The CW’s “Supergirl.” The DC Comics-inspired drama wrapped its run in November, with the final season pushed to March of last year in order to accommodate Benoist’s pregnancy.
Reps for HBO Max and producers Warner Bros. TV declined comment as a deal is not officially closed.
“The Girls on the Bus” is inspired by a chapter of Amy Chozick’s best-selling book. The comedic, character-driven drama chronicles four female journalists who follow every move of a parade of flawed presidential candidates, while finding friendship, love, and scandal along the way. Benoist is expected to play one of the four central journalists.
“The Girls on the Bus” had a wild ride to HBO Max. The drama was originally ordered at Netflix in 2019 following a multiple-outlet bidding war. The streaming giant quietly dropped “Bus” during the quarantine portion of the pandemic in 2020.
The drama had a production commitment and was beginning to cast at when the pandemic hit and was ultimately dropped as part of the streamer’s regime change from Cindy Holland (who bought it) to Bela Bajaria (who dropped it). Sources note that the political backdrop of the series was part of the reason Netflix ultimately bailed on the project.
The CW picked it up last September and had plans to redevelop the series for its younger-focused audience despite the fact that nearly a full season’s worth of scripts had already been completed.
Benoist, whose credits also include “Glee” and “Whiplash,” is repped by UTA, Anonymous Content and Frankfurt Kurnit.
A premiere date for “Bus” has not yet been determined.
(SD-Agencies)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com