Title: News Bites_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/16/content_31439683.htm

WeRide supplies forSwiss projectGUANGZHOU-BASED startup WeRide has become the official technology supplier for a new autonomous driving pilot project in Switzerland.Residents in four municipalities in the Furttal region will be able to book rides on driverless cars powered by WeRide technology on the ioki vehicle app from the second quarter of this year, the company announced Tuesday. Pilot operations will later be expanded to three more municipalities. The project was founded by the Canton of Zurich and Swiss national railway operator Schweizerische Bundesbahnen and is managed by the Swiss Transit Lab.Pet posts popular on XiaohongshuA LARGE number of American netizens, the so-called TikTok refugees, have flocked to the Chinese social platform Xiaohongshu (RedNote), engaging in lively interactions with Chinese users.While the newcomers are showcasing a variety of expertise, with some crafting handmade ancient attire, and others sharing original music videos, the most popular posts are the photos and videos of their cute pets. Chinese netizens have jokingly labeled people’s urge to share the daily lives of their pets on social media as “paying the cat tax.” As of midday yesterday, the topic #cat tax has amassed over 10,000 notes on Xiaohongshu, with a viewing count exceeding 1.7 million and over 50,000 discussions.
WeRide supplies for
Swiss project
GUANGZHOU-BASED startup WeRide has become the official technology supplier for a new autonomous driving pilot project in Switzerland.
Residents in four municipalities in the Furttal region will be able to book rides on driverless cars powered by WeRide technology on the ioki vehicle app from the second quarter of this year, the company announced Tuesday. Pilot operations will later be expanded to three more municipalities. The project was founded by the Canton of Zurich and Swiss national railway operator Schweizerische Bundesbahnen and is managed by the Swiss Transit Lab.
Pet posts popular on Xiaohongshu
A LARGE number of American netizens, the so-called TikTok refugees, have flocked to the Chinese social platform Xiaohongshu (RedNote), engaging in lively interactions with Chinese users.
While the newcomers are showcasing a variety of expertise, with some crafting handmade ancient attire, and others sharing original music videos, the most popular posts are the photos and videos of their cute pets. Chinese netizens have jokingly labeled people’s urge to share the daily lives of their pets on social media as “paying the cat tax.” As of midday yesterday, the topic #cat tax has amassed over 10,000 notes on Xiaohongshu, with a viewing count exceeding 1.7 million and over 50,000 discussions.
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com