Title: Osimhen strike rescues draw for Napoli against Cagliari in Serie A
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2022-02/23/content_24948748.htm

VICTOR OSIMHEN’S late equalizer helped Napoli scrape a point in a 1-1 draw with Cagliari in Serie A on Monday.After a goalless first half, Cagliari went ahead in the 58th minute when Gaston Pereiro’s long shot bounced in front of goalkeeper David Ospina and went into the net.In a bid for a victory, Napoli threw on Osimhen and the change worked wonders in the 87th minute, when Mario Rui rolled across from the left and Osimhen steered a header in.Napoli now ranks third with 54 points, level with Inter Milan, which has a game in hand.Elsewhere, Marko Arnautovic’s brace helped Bologna register a 2-1 comeback victory over Spezia.Cagliari owner Tommaso Giulini said: “The thing we regret most this evening is not having given the three points to our wonderful fans. There are moments of the match when I got excited, because there was an unconditional support and winning against Napoli would have been great.“It’s complicated because this game comes after Fiorentina, when we deserved to win. This is the third draw we can complain about, Napoli had one shot on goal in the whole match.” (SD-Xinhua)
VICTOR OSIMHEN’S late equalizer helped Napoli scrape a point in a 1-1 draw with Cagliari in Serie A on Monday.
After a goalless first half, Cagliari went ahead in the 58th minute when Gaston Pereiro’s long shot bounced in front of goalkeeper David Ospina and went into the net.
In a bid for a victory, Napoli threw on Osimhen and the change worked wonders in the 87th minute, when Mario Rui rolled across from the left and Osimhen steered a header in.
Napoli now ranks third with 54 points, level with Inter Milan, which has a game in hand.
Elsewhere, Marko Arnautovic’s brace helped Bologna register a 2-1 comeback victory over Spezia.
Cagliari owner Tommaso Giulini said: “The thing we regret most this evening is not having given the three points to our wonderful fans. There are moments of the match when I got excited, because there was an unconditional support and winning against Napoli would have been great.
“It’s complicated because this game comes after Fiorentina, when we deserved to win. This is the third draw we can complain about, Napoli had one shot on goal in the whole match.” (SD-Xinhua)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com