Title: Real Madrid reopens six-point lead at the top of La Liga
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2022-02/22/content_24946339.htm

REAL Madrid reopened a six-point lead at the top of La Liga after the side won 3-0 at home to Alaves on Saturday, while second-place Sevilla was held to a 1-1 draw away to Espanyol on Sunday afternoon.Marco Asensio, Vinicius Jr. and Karim Benzema were all on target as Real Madrid scored three goals in the last 27 minutes to claim a 3-0 win at home to struggling Alaves.Real Madrid players had struggled in the first half and were booed off the pitch at halftime by a sector of their fans, but that changed in the 63rd minute when Asensio produced a goal out of nothing with a curling left-foot shot.Vinicius Jr. then doubled their lead with 10 minutes left to play as Madrid was able to play on the break and Karim Benzema scored an injury-time penalty to make it 3-0.Sevilla looked to be on track for a win away to Espanyol when Rafa Mir finished at the far post to put the side 1-0 up in the 36th minute, but Sergi Darder’s goal early in the second half saw the points shared.Jules Kounde was then shown a red card to leave Sevilla with 10 men. (Xinhua)
REAL Madrid reopened a six-point lead at the top of La Liga after the side won 3-0 at home to Alaves on Saturday, while second-place Sevilla was held to a 1-1 draw away to Espanyol on Sunday afternoon.
Marco Asensio, Vinicius Jr. and Karim Benzema were all on target as Real Madrid scored three goals in the last 27 minutes to claim a 3-0 win at home to struggling Alaves.
Real Madrid players had struggled in the first half and were booed off the pitch at halftime by a sector of their fans, but that changed in the 63rd minute when Asensio produced a goal out of nothing with a curling left-foot shot.
Vinicius Jr. then doubled their lead with 10 minutes left to play as Madrid was able to play on the break and Karim Benzema scored an injury-time penalty to make it 3-0.
Sevilla looked to be on track for a win away to Espanyol when Rafa Mir finished at the far post to put the side 1-0 up in the 36th minute, but Sergi Darder’s goal early in the second half saw the points shared.
Jules Kounde was then shown a red card to leave Sevilla with 10 men. (Xinhua)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com