Title: Siemens Healthineers expands presence in city_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/17/content_31440978.htm

Liu Minxiamllmx@msn.comSIEMENS Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd. marked a significant milestone Thursday with a groundbreaking ceremony for its second R&D and production site in Shenzhen, reinforcing its leading position in a market which it believes has great potential.With an investment exceeding 1 billion yuan (US$136 million), the state-of-the-art facility will span 63,000 square meters of land in Nanshan District and boast a floor space of 98,000 square meters.Set to begin operations by the close of 2027, this new site will be dedicated to R&D and manufacturing of angiography devices and critical components of magnetic resonance (MR) systems, including the DryCool superconducting magnet recently launched by German health tech company Siemens Healthineers globally.Upon completion, this new establishment will complement the existing base, which was established in 2002 in the city’s high-tech industrial park, expanding their presence threefold.“China has always been a vital source of growth and innovation for Siemens Healthineers and we are excited that the new R&D site in Shenzhen will further expand our presence here,” Elisabeth Staudinger, member of the Siemens Healthineers Managing Board, said during a ceremony Thursday.Strategically located in the Xili Lake International Science and Education City, a key project of Nanshan, the new site is positioned to harness the city’s wealth of innovation resources and robust infrastructure, enabling Siemens Healthineers to strengthen industry-academia collaborations across the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA) and cultivate a vibrant local innovation ecosystem, according to Ma Tianshi, general manager of Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd.“Over the past three decades in China, our confidence in the market has never wavered. Today’s groundbreaking underscores our commitment to deepening localization,” said Jerry Wang, president of Siemens Healthineers’ China division and member of the Siemens Healthineers Leadership Committee.Currently, Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd. stands as the only global facility with a complete magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) value chain within Siemens Healthineers and the company’s sole R&D and production site for angiography systems outside Germany. It has shipped over 9,000 units of medical devices, with a localization rate exceeding 80%.Hailed as an iconic case of foreign investment in Shenzhen and even the entire GBA, Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd. was one of the two companies then-German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited during her brief stopover in Shenzhen in 2018.In 2020, the company was recognized as one of the 10 outstanding foreign enterprises in Shenzhen at an event marking the 40th anniversary of the establishment of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone.
Liu Minxia
mllmx@msn.com
SIEMENS Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd. marked a significant milestone Thursday with a groundbreaking ceremony for its second R&D and production site in Shenzhen, reinforcing its leading position in a market which it believes has great potential.
With an investment exceeding 1 billion yuan (US$136 million), the state-of-the-art facility will span 63,000 square meters of land in Nanshan District and boast a floor space of 98,000 square meters.
Set to begin operations by the close of 2027, this new site will be dedicated to R&D and manufacturing of angiography devices and critical components of magnetic resonance (MR) systems, including the DryCool superconducting magnet recently launched by German health tech company Siemens Healthineers globally.
Upon completion, this new establishment will complement the existing base, which was established in 2002 in the city’s high-tech industrial park, expanding their presence threefold.
“China has always been a vital source of growth and innovation for Siemens Healthineers and we are excited that the new R&D site in Shenzhen will further expand our presence here,” Elisabeth Staudinger, member of the Siemens Healthineers Managing Board, said during a ceremony Thursday.
Strategically located in the Xili Lake International Science and Education City, a key project of Nanshan, the new site is positioned to harness the city’s wealth of innovation resources and robust infrastructure, enabling Siemens Healthineers to strengthen industry-academia collaborations across the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA) and cultivate a vibrant local innovation ecosystem, according to Ma Tianshi, general manager of Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd.
“Over the past three decades in China, our confidence in the market has never wavered. Today’s groundbreaking underscores our commitment to deepening localization,” said Jerry Wang, president of Siemens Healthineers’ China division and member of the Siemens Healthineers Leadership Committee.
Currently, Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd. stands as the only global facility with a complete magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) value chain within Siemens Healthineers and the company’s sole R&D and production site for angiography systems outside Germany. It has shipped over 9,000 units of medical devices, with a localization rate exceeding 80%.
Hailed as an iconic case of foreign investment in Shenzhen and even the entire GBA, Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd. was one of the two companies then-German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited during her brief stopover in Shenzhen in 2018.
In 2020, the company was recognized as one of the 10 outstanding foreign enterprises in Shenzhen at an event marking the 40th anniversary of the establishment of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone.
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com