Title: ‘Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land’ returns to SZ_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2024-12/31/content_31417522.htm

SHENZHEN’S theater enthusiasts are in for a cultural treat as the timeless classic, “Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land,” is set to dazzle audiences at the Bay Opera of Shenzhen.Directed by the renowned playwright Stan Lai and featuring a stellar cast including Huang Lei, He Jiong and Sun Li, this theatrical play in its classic version promises an unforgettable experience for theater lovers.Scheduled for performances for two nights in January, the production boasts a runtime of approximately 125 minutes without intermission. The classic version has earned its reputation as the longest-tenured version, captivating audiences across the nation since 2006.Led by the talented duo of Huang and He, the version has toured over 50 cities, becoming a cultural phenomenon that showcases a blend of refined art and popular culture.The narrative of “Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land” is a tapestry woven with a modern tragedy and a historical comedy. Illustrating the intertwined stories of two disparate troupes, both contracted for a rehearsal at the same venue, the play emerges as a vivid mosaic of love, loss, and laughter.“Secret Love” is a modern tragedy. The young man and woman, Jiang Binliu and Yun Zhifan, meet in Shanghai due to war but are separated by turmoil. Years later, they coincidentally arrive in Taiwan without knowing each other, and after 40 years of unrequited love, they finally meet, both already married for many years, with Jiang on his deathbed.“Peach Blossom Land” is a historical comedy. Fisherman Lao Tao’s wife Chunhua has an affair with their landlord, prompting Lao Tao to leave for Peach Blossom Land. Upon his return to Wuling, he finds Chunhua married to the landlord and with a child.The merging of contemporary emotions with ancient tales is set to create a unique theatrical experience that will unfold on stage.Time: 7:30 p.m., Jan. 18 and 19, 2025Venue: Bay Opera of Shenzhen, Bao’an DistrictMetro: Line 11 to Bao’an Station, Exit B; then take a taxi(Windy Shao)
SHENZHEN’S theater enthusiasts are in for a cultural treat as the timeless classic, “Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land,” is set to dazzle audiences at the Bay Opera of Shenzhen.
Directed by the renowned playwright Stan Lai and featuring a stellar cast including Huang Lei, He Jiong and Sun Li, this theatrical play in its classic version promises an unforgettable experience for theater lovers.
Scheduled for performances for two nights in January, the production boasts a runtime of approximately 125 minutes without intermission. The classic version has earned its reputation as the longest-tenured version, captivating audiences across the nation since 2006.
Led by the talented duo of Huang and He, the version has toured over 50 cities, becoming a cultural phenomenon that showcases a blend of refined art and popular culture.
The narrative of “Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land” is a tapestry woven with a modern tragedy and a historical comedy. Illustrating the intertwined stories of two disparate troupes, both contracted for a rehearsal at the same venue, the play emerges as a vivid mosaic of love, loss, and laughter.
“Secret Love” is a modern tragedy. The young man and woman, Jiang Binliu and Yun Zhifan, meet in Shanghai due to war but are separated by turmoil. Years later, they coincidentally arrive in Taiwan without knowing each other, and after 40 years of unrequited love, they finally meet, both already married for many years, with Jiang on his deathbed.
“Peach Blossom Land” is a historical comedy. Fisherman Lao Tao’s wife Chunhua has an affair with their landlord, prompting Lao Tao to leave for Peach Blossom Land. Upon his return to Wuling, he finds Chunhua married to the landlord and with a child.
The merging of contemporary emotions with ancient tales is set to create a unique theatrical experience that will unfold on stage.
Time: 7:30 p.m., Jan. 18 and 19, 2025
Venue: Bay Opera of Shenzhen, Bao’an District
Metro: Line 11 to Bao’an Station, Exit B; then take a taxi
(Windy Shao)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com