Title: ‘Triangle of Sadness’ wins Palme d’Or at Cannes
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2022-06/02/content_25166257.htm

SWEDISH director Ruben Ostlund’s film “Triangle of Sadness” won the Palme d’Or, top prize of the 75th Cannes Film Festival on May 28.“Triangle of Sadness” is a film where a couple, invited for a luxury cruise with super-rich passengers, found themselves marooned on a desert island after a storm. Hierarchy is suddenly flipped upside down, as the housekeeper from the yacht is the only one who knows how to fish.The jury of the festival distributed the Grand Prix to two films, “Close” directed by Lukas Dhont, and “Stars at Noon” directed by Claire Denis.The Jury Prize was also jointly awarded to “EO” directed by Jerzy Skolimowski, and “Le Otto Montagne,” directed by Charlotte Vandermeersch and Felix Van Groeningen.Best director was awarded to Park Chan-wook for “Decision to Leave, ” while the best screenplay was given to Tarik Saleh for “Boy From Heaven.”Zar Amir Ebrahimi from the film “Holy Spider” won the award for best actress, and Song Kang-ho from the South Korean film “Broker” won the award for best actor.The festival’s nine-member jury was headed by French actor Vincent Lindon, winner of the best actor award at the 68th Cannes Film Festival in 2015.This year, 21 films have been selected to compete for the Palme d’Or. （SD-Agencies)
SWEDISH director Ruben Ostlund’s film “Triangle of Sadness” won the Palme d’Or, top prize of the 75th Cannes Film Festival on May 28.
“Triangle of Sadness” is a film where a couple, invited for a luxury cruise with super-rich passengers, found themselves marooned on a desert island after a storm. Hierarchy is suddenly flipped upside down, as the housekeeper from the yacht is the only one who knows how to fish.
The jury of the festival distributed the Grand Prix to two films, “Close” directed by Lukas Dhont, and “Stars at Noon” directed by Claire Denis.
The Jury Prize was also jointly awarded to “EO” directed by Jerzy Skolimowski, and “Le Otto Montagne,” directed by Charlotte Vandermeersch and Felix Van Groeningen.
Best director was awarded to Park Chan-wook for “Decision to Leave, ” while the best screenplay was given to Tarik Saleh for “Boy From Heaven.”
Zar Amir Ebrahimi from the film “Holy Spider” won the award for best actress, and Song Kang-ho from the South Korean film “Broker” won the award for best actor.
The festival’s nine-member jury was headed by French actor Vincent Lindon, winner of the best actor award at the 68th Cannes Film Festival in 2015.
This year, 21 films have been selected to compete for the Palme d’Or. （SD-Agencies)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com