Title: Chính sách bảo mật | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/vn/privacy-policy.html

You are welcome to discover all the information and entertainment of this Hong Kong Tourism Board Website ("Website").
Hong Kong Tourism Board ("HKTB","we","us"or"our") is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of those viewing or using our Website. This Privacy Policy has been developed in accordance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486) of the Laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of The People's Republic of China. The Ordinance provides data subjects with rights to ascertain whether the Hong Kong Tourism Board holds personal data relating to them, to obtain a copy of that data, and to correct any data that is inaccurate.
Site visitors can freely explore this Website largely without having to reveal any personal data. On occasion however, it may be necessary for the Hong Kong Tourism Board to gather information on you for a specific purpose. We will always inform you when we are collecting such information. It is our intention to respect your request for privacy, and we try our best to provide you with communication channels to facilitate this. Once all gathered information has been used for the intended purpose, it is destroyed or de-identified.
The Hong Kong Tourism Board has created this statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering methods and dissemination practices for this Website. The Hong Kong Tourism Board is not responsible for the privacy practices of other linked sites.
Use of your Personal Information
The Hong Kong Tourism Board collects certain information from you when you use our Website. This includes:
This information is used by us to further our statutory objectives. In particular, the Hong Kong Tourism Board may use the data collected and provided by you for one or more of the following purposes:
When you come to our Website, our server software records the domain name of your computer. We may also track the pages you visit. We do these things so that we can measure traffic, gauge the popularity of various parts of the Website, gain some general knowledge about our audience and compile aggregated statistics.
Direct marketing
We may use your personal information such as your name, e-mail address, address, telephone number and geolocation to send you direct marketing communications about products and services in the travel industry or related services including our latest e-newsletter and upcoming events and offers. This may be in the form of email, post, SMS, telephone or targeted online advertisements or in-app notifications. We limit direct marketing to a reasonable and proportionate level, and to send you communications and otherwise share content with you which we think will be interesting and relevant to you, based on the information we have about you.
We may share your personal information with third party sponsors or co-operation partners on a specific campaign or promotional basis for direct marketing by such sponsors and partners. We will only do so upon providing you with a clear notice and upon obtaining your explicit consent.
From the effective date of this Policy onwards, where you register for our events, programmes or offers, sign-up for our e-newsletter or entered a lucky draw and have elected to receive direct marketing information by email or SMS or other means, then for the purposes of the PDPO and the relevant orders and regulations, we will ask you for your consent for our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
In particular, subject to your consent, we will use location tracking function on your device settings to suggest nearby places of interest, give you point-to-point navigation through Google Map and enable us to send you location based push notifications via GPS technology to send you content and make recommendations that suit your tastes, interests and preferences when you are in Hong Kong.
You have a right to stop receiving direct marketing at any time. You can do this by following the opt-out links in electronic communications (such as emails), or by contacting us using the details set out under "Contacting Us" below.
Who we share your personal information with
Data collected by the Hong Kong Tourism Board is used only for the purposes indicated above. Personal information will not be disclosed to any third party except that we may share your personal information with our worldwide offices and representatives and third parties on a confidential basis to help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties may from time to time need to have access to your personal information. These third parties may include:
We may also disclose your personal data to the extent we may be required to do so by laws and when you indicate your choice to receive promotional materials from third parties as described in the "Direct Marketing" section above.
Hong Kong Tourism Board is a statutory body of the Hong Kong Government established under the Hong Kong Tourism Board Ordinance. All HKTB offices are branches of the Hong Kong statutory body, accordingly any personal information which you provide to us via our offices or otherwise may be accessed or used by staff in HKTB offices or representatives outside Hong Kong. We may transfer your personal information to HKTB offices and representatives or service providers that are located outside of Hong Kong.  We will always take steps to ensure that any international transfer of information is carefully managed to protect your rights and interests and is undertaken in accordance with any rules governing such transfers.
We may also share with our advertisers information on an aggregate basis.
Data Security
The Hong Kong Tourism Board will take reasonable steps to ensure that all information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete, up-to-date and stored in a secure environment accessed only by authorized persons. However, we give no warranty against third parties hacking into the data or any unauthorised access to the data by anyone.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to and correction of information held by us about you. To do so, please contact us via the contact information below.
"Opt-Out"
You can opt-out from receiving information from the Hong Kong Tourism Board or to delete your information from our records at any time should you no longer wish to receive updates of Hong Kong Tourism Board developments, activities and promotions. To opt out, please enter your e-mail address below and click the submit button.
Email*
Verification Code*
Please enter the code as shown in the image.
You have successfully opted out from receiving emails from the Hong Kong Tourism Board. Your information has been removed from our records and you will no longer receive any updates about Hong Kong Tourism Board developments, activities and promotions. We hope that you will still continue to enjoy our site. Thank you.
(* denotes compulsory fields)
Contacting the Website
Should you have further questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website and your interaction with it, or to request access and correction to your personal data, please contact:
Hong Kong Tourism Board9-11 Floor, Citicorp Centre18 Whitfield RoadNorth PointHong KongE-mail:info@discoverhongkong.com, Fax: +852 2503 6114
Updated in May 2020