Title: Festive events not to miss | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/hk-eng/explore/mega-events-throughout-the-year.html

In a city as vibrant and cosmopolitan as Hong Kong, there’s a lot happening throughout the year. Cultural celebrations, festivals, international sporting events, art exhibitions, concerts… you name it. The challenge is in the choosing: why not start with these major crowd pleasers and take it from there?
Ring in the new year with all the glamour ofHong Kong’s countdown celebrations!
Thisvibrant festivalis Hong Kong’s most celebrated event, sweeping over the entire city. Red lanterns are hung across town, lion dances are performed on the streets, and crowds head down to their local temple to pray for good fortune. Take a wander through the many makeshift markets selling all manner of festive items and celebrate with lucky New Year delicacies.
Pin a number on your shirt and hit the streets, as long-distance runners take part in the city’s biggest marathon. TheHong Kong Marathonhas been on-the-run since 1997. While the full marathon distance covers over 40 km, there are half-marathon and 10 km races too.
TheHong Kong Sevensstarted in the 1970s as a local affair, and has since blossomed into the city’s biggest sporting showcase. Those that gain entrance are treated to a true spectacle — the world’s finest athletes battle in rapid-fire games for three days, while local legions watch on and cheer for their teams.
Immerse yourself in a journey of arts in Hong Kong with international events and art fairs like theHong Kong Arts Festival,Art BaselandArt Central. More world-class arts and culture events, including themed exhibitions, urban art and digital art experiences, also take place throughout the year as part of Arts in Hong Kong — clickhereto discover the latest happenings.
Since its modest inception in 1993,French Mayhas matured into one of the largest French arts festivals in Asia, bringing the spirit of France to Hong Kong. Francophiles can savour a rich cornucopia of French culture, as well as French culinary arts through the popular standalone programme calledFrench GourMay.
The mad clamber to the top, the grabbing of buns, the cheer of the crowd as the winners make their descent. This festival is a rare spectacle, not only of athleticism during its bun tower climbing competition, but of camaraderie and good cheer. Falling in April or May each year, its history is based on offerings to fend off an ancient plague. The event also includes ceremonies, parades and lion dances. Be warned though, it can get very busy.
One of the important traditional Chinese festivals in Hong Kong, the Dragon Boat Festival is celebrated on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month — typically late May or June — each year. As the birthplace of modern dragon boat racing, Hong Kong hosts the Hong Kong International Dragon Boat Races, where thousands of dragon boat athletes from around the world compete in the Victoria Harbour.
Missed this year’s event? Clickhereto relive the thrill of the exhilarating races!
Hong Kong attracts exhibitions and fairs that stand out on the world stage, and some of the biggest summer stand-outs includeAni-Com & Games Hong Kong,Hong Kong Book Fair,Hong Kong Computer & Communications Festivaland theFood Expo. Explore the world’s best computers, books, comics, games and flavours!
Mid-Autumn was once celebrated to welcome the harvest and is now an enduring custom that takes over the city. Mooncakes are sold everywhere, fruit and wine offerings are made to the gods, and lanterns are lit to emulate the full moon in September or October. InVictoria ParkGet me there{{title}}{{taRatingReviewTotal}} {{taRatingReviewText}}Address{{address}}Website{{website}}More info, kids carry mini-lanterns, while games and performances take place. Over in Tai Hang, the Fire Dragon Dance is a spectacle where an incense-studded beast dances through the streets.
The Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong Cyclothonoffers a rare opportunity to cycle through the diverse cityscape of Hong Kong. Join thousands of cyclists for a breathtaking ride in this exhilarating event!
In late October, Hong Kong celebrates the world’s finest flavours at theHong Kong Wine & Dine Festival! With around 300 wine and food booths set against the breathtaking Victoria Harbour skyline, it offers a unique outdoor culinary experience, with tasting and cooking workshops, as well as live entertainment.
The festival continues to delight your taste buds in November, where locals and visitors can share fantastic gastronomic experiences and a myriad of special offers from hundreds of bars and restaurants. Get ready for a unique journey to taste around town!
With names like Venus Williams, Jelena Jankovic and Johanna Konta regularly gracing our hard courts, theHong Kong Tennis Openis quickly becoming a major sporting spectacle. Normally taking place every October in Victoria Park’s outdoor stadium, catch the world’s best women’s players for a weekend of singles and doubles matches. If you pop by the courts during the first few days, the qualifying stages are free entry on a first-come, first-served basis.
Get in the swing of things at theHong Kong Open, the city’s oldest professional sporting event and a tournament where the world’s best golfers gather. It regularly awards a US$2 million prize, with previous winners including Rory McIlroy and Justin Rose. Admission is free on the first two days, and ticketed for the main event over the weekend.
Global attention focuses on the Sha Tin Racecourse as leading horses, jockeys, trainers and owners from around the world compete in the four G1 race series. Fans coming to Sha Tin to witness the truly world-class on-course action can also enjoy an array of exceptional off-track entertainment.
’Tis the season to be merry — soak in the festive ambience in Hong Kong with the dazzling WinterFest! The city’s skyline shines even brighter during the winter months with the iconic sparkling Christmas tree sitting amidst glittering skyscrapers, all dolled up for the jolly occasion. Don’t miss out on the holiday events at top attractions, special shopping offers and festive menus that will fuel your excitement and add to the joyous atmosphere!
Click hereto explore the most impressive Christmas scene in town!
Aside from all these exciting mega events, you can also relax and re-energise in Hong Kong’sgreat outdoorsthroughout the year. Explore photogenic fiery-coloured woodlands, exhilarating hiking trails, dramatic cliffside climbs and historic towns across the city.
{{post.type}}