Title: Get online | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/hk-eng/pwa/get-online.html

It’s not hard to stay connected when in Hong Kong, one of the world’s most ‘connected’ cities. Here are some convenient ways to get online from the moment you arrive, and throughout your trip in Hong Kong.
Free Wi-Fi services are widespread in Hong Kong. In particular, there are manyWi-Fi.HKhotspots widely available across the city in locations such as major tourist attractions, shopping malls, parks and gardens, visitor centres, sports venues, museums, ferry terminals, cooked food centres and government buildings, which offer wireless internet connection completely free or free for a period of time. Download theWi-Fi.HK appto search for a list of hotspot locations, where you can connect to the internet with the Wi-Fi.HK SSID.
You can also find Wi-Fi hotspots at most public transport areas and with the following service providers.
HONG KONG INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Free wireless internet access is available at most seating and public areas in the passenger terminals. See detailshere.
MTR STATIONS
You can connect wirelessly to the internet near the ‘MTR Free Wi-Fi Hotspot’ sign in every MTR station for free for up to 15 minutes per session, with a maximum of five sessions for each mobile device per day. More detailshere.
CSL WI-FI HOTSPOTS
csl free Wi-Fihotspots can be found on selected Starbucks Coffee, Pacific Coffee, 7-Eleven and Circle K outlets and at selected phone booths. Look for the ‘CSL’ SSID on your device to browse the Hong Kong Tourism Board's website and download apps from our site for free.
You can easily stay connected during your trip to Hong Kong using a prepaid Discover Hong Kong Tourist SIM Card. Just insert and go — no subscription charges, no hassle!
Be mobile in Hong Kong with:
GET IT UPON ARRIVAL!
You can get the Discover Hong Kong Tourist SIM Card at any 1O1O Center in town, more than 1,000 7-Eleven, Circle K or VanGO convenience stores, csl or HKT shops, and theHong Kong Tourism Board’s Kowloon Visitor Centreat the Star Ferry Concourse in Tsim Sha Tsui. For a full list of retailers, please clickhere.
Remarks:
* The day pass comes in the form of a 3-in-1 SIM card, suitable for phones that require micro, mini and nano SIMs, and is rechargeable for up to 180 days to make longer stays more convenient.
The Discover Hong Kong Tourist SIM card is a third party product of CSL Mobile Limited, for which Hong Kong Tourism Board assumes no responsibility. Please clickherefor details on the SIM card andherefor CSL Mobile General Terms and Conditions.
Running out of battery on your phone while you are out and about can be a stressful experience. There is no need to panic when your phone’s battery drops into the red, because there are many places in Hong Kong where you can get a quick boost of power.
On the MTR
Several major MTR stations are equipped with “iCentres”, which feature free Wi-fi and computers that have access to the internet.
They have USB charging ports where you can charge your phone for free. The time is limited to 15 minutes per user, although if there is no one else waiting for a plug you can just re-plug your phone into the charging point and get another 15 minutes of juice.
The charging ports are located at the orange iCentres at 13 major MTR stations on the Island Line, Kwun Tong Line, Tsuen Wan Line, and Tung Chung Line.
Seeherefor more details
Shopping Malls
Many shopping centres have mobile phone charging stations, which are normally located by the customer service desk. Some larger and upscale shopping malls will even rent out portable battery packs for you to charge your phone as well. Please approach the customer service counter for details.
Convenience Stores
Circle-K stores have power banks you can rent out. You can borrow a power bank from any Circle K branch, except the ones that are inside MTR stations. It costs HK$15 for three days, but you must put down a HK$150 deposit that you’ll get back when you return the charger.
Seeherefor more details
Hong Kong Tourism Board Visitor Centres
The Hong Kong Tourism Board in-town visitor centres, conveniently located  at Tsim Sha Tsui Star Ferry Pier and The Peak, also provide free mobile charging service
Seeherefor more details