Title: Getting around | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/hk-eng/pwa/getting-around.html

There are plenty of ways to get around Hong Kong, whether it’s by taxi, ferry, rail, bus or tram. The city claims one of the world's safest, most efficient and frequent public transport systems and there are multiple convenient payment methods in the form of cash, Octopus Card and e-Wallet.
The free in-town check-in services are suspended until further notice. For details, please check theofficial website.
Getting to and from Hong Kong International Airport from within the city is easy, convenient and relatively inexpensive.
AIRPORT EXPRESS
The MTR’s high-speedAirport Expresstakes approximately 24 minutes to reach Hong Kong Island and is the fastest way to get between the city and the airport. Both Kowloon and Hong Kong stations provide freein-town check-in servicesfor major airlines. Please contact your airline for further information.
TAXI
Taxis are readily available from the taxi pick-up area in front of the airport’s Arrivals Hall. If you’re travelling to Hong Kong Island or Kowloon you’ll need to catch a red taxi. If you’re headed for the New Territories you’ll need a green taxi, and those going to Lantau Island will require a blue taxi. All taxis in Hong Kong are able to take passengers to and from the airport. Fares are metered and detailed information about charges are clearly displayed inside each cab.
BUS
There are more than 20 convenientAirbus‘A’ routes that can take you from the airport to key locations on Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and in the New Territories (including Lantau Island) with fewer stops than an ordinary city bus. When you exit the Arrivals Hall, turn right to find Airbuses andcity buses.
COACH AND LIMOUSINE CHARTER
Passengers who require their own personal limousines, minivans, vans and group coaches (buses) can book their transport from service providers located in the Arrivals Hall.
An Octopus card is an essential purchase, even if you’re only here a couple of days. The add-value card allows you to travel cash-free on all major transport systems, and can also be used at convenience stores and some shops. There are two types of Octopus suitable for visitors and both can be topped up easily:
Tourist Octopus (Sold version)from HK$39 without any deposit and with an iconic Hong Kong design that makes it an ideal souvenir that can be reused when you come back to Hong Kong in the future.
On-Loan Octopuswith a refundable deposit of HK$50, where a refundhandling feewill be charged if you return the On-Loan Octopus less than 90 days from the date of issue.
Getting around Hong Kong couldn't be easier with the quick and efficientMass Transit Railway (MTR) system. This covers all major districts in the territory, including stops at the boundary with Mainland China (Lo Wu Station and Lok Ma Chau Station).
The MTR also operates a light rail system that runs between Yuen Long and Tuen Mun in the New Territories, plus an inter-city train service to Mainland China.
Please note: Luggage size restrictions apply. Detailshere.
BUSES
Buses in Hong Kong are plentiful, comfortable and air-conditioned. Especially popular are the double-deckers that offer great views of the surrounding city from the top deck.
Fares are paid upon boarding, based on distance travelled and exact change is required if paying by cash. Octopus cards are accepted on all buses in Hong Kong.
MINIBUSES
Minibuses are small buses that carry up to 19 people. Green minibuses operate along specific routes at fixed prices. Fares are paid upon boarding, based on distance travelled and exact change is required if paying by cash. All green minibuses accept Octopus cards. Red minibuses operate along routes that are not always fixed and passengers can get on and off anywhere along the route, except where special prohibitions apply. Fares are paid as you alight when travelling on a red minibus and the driver can usually provide change for small notes.
The ability to speak a bit of Cantonese and having some familiarity with Hong Kong will be a bonus when travelling on minibuses. Passengers are required by law to wear seat belts when one is available.
Hong Kong’s historic street trams still operate on the north corridor of Hong Kong Island through Western District, Wan Chai, Happy Valley, Causeway Bay and North Point. These double-decker streetcars have been travelling through Hong Kong's busiest thoroughfares since 1904 and continue to be an affordable, inexpensive and fun way to get around.
No matter how far you travel, each tram ride costs the same flat fare and exact change is required if you are paying by cash. All trams accept Octopus cards. You need to get on the tram at the back and then pay the exact fare at the front when you’re getting off.
With the exception of some very remote areas, taxis are plentiful throughout Hong Kong. They can usually be hailed on the street (except in restricted areas) or summoned by phone. All are metered, relatively cheap, air-conditioned and clean.
TYPES OF TAXIS
Taxis in Hong Kong are categorised by three colours, each indicating a geographical area. All taxis can travel to and from Hong Kong International Airport as well as Hong Kong Disneyland.
For taxi fares and additional charges, visitHong Kong’s Transport Department website.
TIPS FOR A HASSLE FREE TAXI TRIP
See a comprehensive list of tips for a hassle-free taxi trip in Hong Konghereor visit theTransport Department website.
USEFUL NUMBERS
ACCESSIBLE TAXI SERVICE
Accessible taxi service is available for the elderly, people with disabilities and passengers with bulky luggage.
Learn more about accessible travel resourceshere.
As a coastal city, Hong Kong regularly operates ferry routes that connect Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the Outlying Islands.
FERRIES BETWEEN HONG KONG ISLAND AND KOWLOON
The cross-harbour ferries are a fun way to hop between Hong Kong Island and Kowloon. Enjoy the stunning harbour view as you sail between Central and Hung Hom or on the Star Ferry routes.
The Star Ferry is a charming vessel that transports passengers between Hong Kong Island (Central and Wan Chai) and Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui). It offers views of both sides of the harbour, and is as much an attraction as it is a mode of transport.
Fares vary slightly between the upper and lower decks, as well as between weekdays and weekends, and are paid at the barriers when boarding . Passengers can pay by Octopus Card or use cash to purchase a token from the machines at the pier.
FERRIES BETWEEN HONG KONG ISLAND AND OUTLYING ISLANDS
Ferries operating from the Central Ferry Piers on Hong Kong Island provide services to the main Outlying Islands. Two types of ferries operate along most routes: standard ferries and the slightly more expensive fast ferries.
MAJOR FERRY COMPANIES IN HONG KONG
There are other ferries between different points around Hong Kong — see full ferry detailshere.