Title: Verklaring Ontvangen PersoonlIjke Informatie (PICS) | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/nl/personal-information-collection-statement.html

Hong Kong Tourism Board (“HKTB”) respects the personal data privacy of all individuals. HKTB is committed to ensuring that all personal data collected through its enquiry channels (“Enquiry”) are handled according to the relevant provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486) (“PDPO”). A copy of HKTB’s Privacy Policy Statement may be found at Discover Hong Kong website. Where the collection of personal data is subject to the laws of other jurisdictions, HKTB will comply with such relevant laws.
Providing personal data to HKTB is voluntary. However, if you do not provide HKTB with the required personal data, HKTB will be unable to process the Enquiry.
HKTB will collect and use your personal data for handling your Enquiry only.
HKTB will keep your personal data confidential. Only authorised personnel will have access to and handle your personal data.
HKTB may transfer your personal data to third parties, including data processors, business partners, third-party service providers and/or merchants engaged by HKTB in processing the Enquiry. When third parties handle personal data, they will be subject to relevant contractual and/or regulatory requirements regarding disclosure of personal data.
HKTB will disclose your personal data when required to do so by law. HKTB may also disclose your personal data in response to requests from law enforcement agencies or regulatory authorities.
HKTB will securely store your personal data according to prevailing information security practices. Appropriate technical and organisational measures will be in place to protect the personal data against unauthorised or accidental access, processing, erasure, loss or use.
HKTB will retain your personal data for 24 months from the date of the Enquiry.
You may access and/or correct your personal data in the records of HKTB. You may contact us atinfo@hktb.com. As permitted by PDPO, HKTB may impose a fee for processing your data access request.