Title: China High-tech Forum_CHINA HI-TECH FAIRCHINA HI-TECH FAIR
Date: None
URL: http://www.chtf.com/english/Conferences/CHTFOverseas/

The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair
China Hi-Tech Forum
Date: November 14
Location: Shenzhen World Exhibition & Convention Center
Theme: New Quality Productivity Spur Industry Development
About the Forum
China Hi-Tech Fair (CHTF), as China’s leading tech show and an influential technology event around the world, is jointly held by the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Shenzhen Municipal People's Government. Since 1999, the CHTF has been successfully held for 25 editions. CHTF 2024, hosted by the Shenzhen Municipal People's Government, will be held at the Shenzhen World Exhibition & Convention Center (Bao'an) from November 14 to 16, 2024.
The "Decision" of the Third Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee proposed a series of arrangements, including "strengthening the supply systems for new fields and new tracks", "establishing a mechanism for the growth of investment in future industries", and "leading the optimization and upgrading of traditional industries with the improvement of national standards". At the beginning of this year, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and six other departments jointly issued the "Implementation Opinions on Promoting the Innovation and Development of Future Industries", laying out future industries at the national level and vigorously developing future industries. As the most active leading force of new quality productivity, future industries represent the direction of future scientific and technological and industrial development. They have the characteristics of strong technological disruption, high industrial correlation, and great market space potential. They are the strategic focus of industrial competition among major countries and an important force in shaping the future world pattern. Vigorously cultivating future industries has become a strategic choice to lead scientific and technological progress, drive industrial upgrading, and cultivate new quality productivity.
The China Hi-Tech Forum has been successfully held for several editions. In the past, many Nobel Prize winners, Turing Award winners, academicians, vice-ministerial above officials of Chinese and foreign governments, presidents of multinational companies, and well-known entrepreneurs were invited to attend the event. The forum is based on a global perspective, China’s national strategies, and focuses on current hot topics related to technology development, macroeconomics, and capital markets. Through the exploration of technology, sharing of views, and collision of wisdom, it gathers the strength of all parties and innovative resources, fully demonstrating the latest developments and cutting-edge trends in the field of technology, economy, finance, etc., and has become an important platform for promoting international exchanges and cooperation.
China High-Tech Forum of CHTF will be held on November 14, 2024 under the theme of "New Quality Productivity Spur Industry Development."
Host & Organizer
CHTF Host: Shenzhen Municipal People's Government
CHTF Organizer: Zhenwei International Exhibition Group; Shenzhen Zhenwei International Exhibition Co., Ltd.
Organizer of China Hi-Tech Form: Beijing Jinkegu Technology Co., Ltd.
Agenda of China Hi-Tech Forum
Contacts
The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair – China Hi-Tech Forum Secretariat
Ms. Song
Mobile: 86 139 1165 2979
Website: www.chtf.com