Title: CHTF Entrepreneur Council_CHINA HI-TECH FAIRCHINA HI-TECH FAIR
Date: None
URL: http://www.chtf.com/english/Conferences/GuestSpeaker/

Innovation Night · Unleash the Power of Technology
CHTF’s networking event for entrepreneurs
China’s leading technology event, China Hi-Tech Fair, has been successfully held for 25 editions. It is well recognized as a large and influential global stage for innovation in the world. The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair covers an exhibition area of ​​about 400,000 square meters, and is expected to attract more than 5,000 companies and organizations and 500,000 professional visitors from over 100 countries and regions.
The core of entrepreneurship is innovation. Carrying forward innovative spirit is the best reward and encouragement for entrepreneurs. During the 40 years of reform and opening up, Chinese entrepreneurs have brought innovation into full play, applied a great many new technologies to production, and promoted the economic transformation of the market. As an important part of the entrepreneurship in the new era, the innovative spirit is highly consistent with the momentum of seeking high-quality development, providing a continuous driving force for the advancement of industries.
The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair will hold the “Innovation Night · Unleash the Power of Technology - CHTF Entrepreneur Council” with the theme of "Foster Entrepreneurial Spirit, Unleash the Power of Technology", to create opportunities for networking with industry leaders and potential partners.
“Innovation Night · Unleash the Power of Technology – CHTF Entrepreneur Council” is a high-level event for in-depth discussions on cutting-edge technologies and new industry trends. The guests invited include ministerial officials and above, Nobel and Turing Award winners, academicians, CEOs of Fortune 500 companies and multinational corporations, well-known entrepreneurs, heads of prominent exhibitors, heads of major buyers, representatives of international friendly cities, etc. The Innovation Night of this year will be a premier networking event for industry leaders to share insights and forward-thinking ideas.。
Host：China High-Tech Fair Organizing Committee Office
Organizer：Zhenwei International Exhibition Group
Banquet Theme：Innovation Night · Unleash the Power of Technology
Date：November 14, 2024
Location：to be determined
Guests：industry leaders, prominent exhibitors, representatives of embassies in China, investors, major buyers, representatives of international friendly cities, government officials, etc.
Attendance Limit：300
Rate：CNY3,800/person (including participation in the prime forum, related materials, exquisite gifts, banquet)
The 26th China Hi-Tech Fair Organizing Committee Office
Ms. Wang Fei
Mobile: 86 186 0051 1517
Email: wangyifei@zhenweiexpo.com
Mr. Lu Xin
Mobile: 86 138 1176 3234
Email: lxin@zhenweiexpo.com