Title: Shenzhen LANVY to Feature Leading Intelligent Lighting Fixtures at CHTF 2024_CHINA HI-TECH FAIRCHINA HI-TECH FAIR
Date: None
URL: http://www.chtf.com/english/News/ChildNews/202411/t20241109_669.html

China’s leading technology show, the 26th China Hi-Tech Fair (CHTF 2024), is set to take place at the Shenzhen World Exhibition & Convention Center (Bao'an) from November 14 to 16. Shenzhen LANVY, a bellwether in the industry of intelligent lighting fixtures and smart home products, will introduce its latest products at CHTF 2024 (Hall 11, A001).
Shenzhen LANVY Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. was established in 2021 and is a subsidiary of AALIGHT Group (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. The company focuses on the development, production, and sales of intelligent lighting fixtures and smart home products. The Group has maintained a rapid growth since its foundation and gradually become a bellwether in the industry of intelligent lighting fixtures and smart home products, which plays an efficient role in promoting the healthy and well-aligned development in the whole industry.
In China, the Shenzhen LANVY Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd., now owns two manufacturing bases and logistics centers, respectively those in Foshan and Shenzhen. Besides, the Group boasts a global center for R&D and sales service support in China's Silicon Valley, Shenzhen. The corporation has obtained ISO9001-2008 INTERNATIONAL QUALITY SYSTEM CERTIFICATE and all products meet the certification demands exported to Europe, America or sold at home market.
The products made by the Shenzhen LANVY Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd have been exported to as many as 120 countries or more around the world, with export sales accounting for 95% of all. An efficient and complete network combining agency, marketing and after-sales has been set up in Europe, North and South America, Australia, East Asia, the Middle East, and Southern Africa, etc. Thanks to years of great concentration on products, various intelligent lighting fixtures and smart home products by the company have gained a favorable publicity and reputation in local areas, which is also conducive to raising the profile of quality for products Made in China in the global market.
Over the years, the company have been adhering to the business philosophy of "Commitment Achievement, Quickness and Efficiency, and All-Win Harmony". We have been engaged to "creating brand values for customers" and have always been sticking to meeting the customized needs of consumers as the guidance, taking the technology R&D as the core and taking human-based management as the basis. We focus on making well each product and each lighting project. We also strive to provide competitive products and services and one-stop solutions for enterprise-level users and consumers. Therefore, we have gained trust from customers all over the world and cooperated with them all the time.
Featured Product
Contact
Address: Building 2 and Building 3, No. 5, Dapu South Road, Shajing Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China
Tel: 0755-21503362
Fax: 0086-0755-21503026
E-mail: marketing@aalights.com
Web: www.aalights.com