Title: Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/hk-eng/what-s-new/events/wine-dine-festival.html

The Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival is an annual celebration at the end of October of epicurean offerings. It also marks the start of a month-long ‘Taste Around Town’ celebration – a series of dining promotions across the city throughout November.
Taking place at the Central Harbourfront, it promises great wine and delectable treats from around the world, live performances and a deliciously good time, all set against the dazzling Victoria Harbour!
Surrounded by Hong Kong’s iconic skyline, the annual Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival offers an unparalleled opportunity to discover the finest wines from around the world - all at affordable prices. Explore renowned labels from Europe, Australia and beyond – including award-winning bottles and James Suckling picks. Venture beyond the mainstream too, with hidden gems from lesser-known regions, Chinese wines, natural wines and low-alcohol alternatives. Nowhere else can you savour such a diverse array of wines immersed in Hong Kong's vibrant energy and cosmopolitan flair.
Feast on beloved local delicacies alongside innovative global dishes in one lively setting at the Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival. With hundreds of booths offering an enticing mix of traditional and trendy fare, discover the city’s dynamic food landscape. Pair your wines with the spectacular harbour view and the very best of Hong Kong’s diverse culinary culture.
Enjoy a fantastic lineup of live stage performances from local and international musicians presenting a feast for the eyes, ears and mind with jazz and classical songs to keep the party pumping. There will also be exciting masterclasses and themed workshops led by star chefs and sommeliers, and a range of family activities and interactive experiences to enjoy.
‘Taste Around Town’ returns, celebrating a month-long gourmet extravaganza, headlined by the Hong Kong Wine and Dine Festival. Throughout November, hundreds of restaurants and bars across Hong Kong offer limited-time menus and exclusive discounts, inviting everyone to dive into the city’s day-to-night gastronomic adventure.
Hong Kong’s highlighted events such as the Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival attract thousands of participants annually, generating massive global media coverage. Clickhereto find out more about sponsorship opportunities.
If you want to know more about the exhibitor call for the Hong Kong Wine & Dine Festival, please feel free to contact usherefor more details.