Title: Immigration & Customs | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/us/plan/traveller-info/immigrations-and-customs.html

Immigration and customs processes in Hong Kong are clear and efficient. Here, we’ve got all the info you’ll need to ensure you’re prepared for a smooth entry so you can just get on with what’s most important: having a good time in the city!
Nationals of most countries do not require a visa to enter Hong Kong for tourism and can stay for periods varying from seven to 180 days, depending on nationality. If you’re unsure of your status, please check with anyChinese embassyorconsulate.
More than 100 countries and territories have representative offices in Hong Kong. Their contact details are listedhere.You can also find further details about visa requirements on theImmigration Department website.
All visitors are not required to complete or submit the arrival or departure card for immigration in Hong Kong. Please clickherefor details.
With effect from 28 December 2021, the Immigration Department has introduced electronic services for visa applications in phases to allow applicants to complete the entire process of visa-related applications online. Please visit theImmigration Department websiteor clickherefor more details.
HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION TRAVEL PASS
This pass provides simplified immigration procedures for frequent business travellers who hold valid passports and are eligible to come to Hong Kong without a visa or entry permit for the purposes of a visit.
Eligibility criteria:
Pass holders may use Hong Kong residents' counters for simplified immigration clearance procedures.
Further details about this pass and a downloadable application form can be found on theImmigration Department website.
E-CHANNEL SERVICE FOR FREQUENT VISITORS
Frequent visitors to Hong Kong can now enjoy the convenience of computerised self-servicee-Channels, which provide quick and easy immigration clearance.
Eligibility criteria:
Successfully enrolled visitors can use the Frequent Visitor e-Channels at all control points. Please clickherefor details on the procedure for using the Frequent Visitor e-Channels.
All visitors entering Hong Kong must go through customs clearance and declare anydutiable commoditiesexceeding duty-free quotas. Learn more about dutiable commodities and the latestduty-free concessions.
Points to note:
For further details, please visit theCustoms and Excise Department website. To avoid any unnecessary delays, please follow the guidelines set byHong Kong International Airport.
TIPS FOR VISITORS
Many visitors transit in Hong Kong or arrive here after visiting other countries. Due to the variations in legislations of different countries, some items which may be considered legal at other points of embarkation or disembarkation can be considered illegal in Hong Kong.
Details on the types of items that are illegal in Hong Kong, as well as some further tips on safety and security at the airport, can be foundhere.
AIRPORT SECURITY
All passengers departing from Hong Kong International Airport are required to show their boarding passes and travel documents to airport security personnel at the Departures Immigration Hall. Please find further detailshere.
CARRY-ON BAGGAGE
Departing visitors and those in transit should note that enhanced security measures are now in effect at Hong Kong International Airport. Visitors are reminded not to include any sharp objects with points or blades in carry-on luggage, such as knives, cutters, scissors, razor blades or household cutlery. Pack such items in your check-in luggage.
Restrictions also apply to carry-on liquids, gels and aerosols, which must be in containers no bigger than 100ml and placed in a single transparent re-sealable bag with a capacity not exceeding one litre (maximum one bag per passenger).
Please find further detailshere.