Title: Travel around Hong Kong: a guide to public transport and travel mobile app | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/us/plan/traveller-info/getting-around.html

There are plenty of ways to get around Hong Kong, whether it’s by taxi, ferry, rail, bus or tram. The city claims one of the world's safest, most efficient and frequent public transport systems and there are multiple convenient payment methods in the form of cash, Octopus Card and e-Wallet.
Plan your journey with the help of ‘HKeMobility’ — an all-in-one travel mobile app developed by Hong Kong’s Transport Department. By providing information such as transport routes, fares, journey time, arrival time and real-time traffic conditions about MTR, buses, mini-buses, trams, ferries and water taxis, it enables you to find the best point-to-point transportation using public transport, and get around the city with ease.
Download HKeMobility:iOSAndroidHuawei
More info:https://www.hkemobility.gov.hk/
Download HKeMobility:iOSAndroidHuawei
More info:https://www.hkemobility.gov.hk/
Located on the Lantau Island, the Hong Kong International Airport has a comprehensive and well-developed transportation network. One could easily commute between the airport and the city in around 30 minutes with a reasonable fare, using the Airport Express, buses, taxis or hotel shuttle buses.
AIRPORT EXPRESS
The MTR’s high-speedAirport Expresstakes approximately 24 minutes to reach Hong Kong Island and is the fastest way to get between the city and the airport. Both Kowloon and Hong Kong stations provide freein-town check-in servicesfor specified airlines. Please contact your airline for further information.
TAXI
Taxis are readily available from the taxi pick-up area in front of the airport’s Arrivals Hall. If you’re travelling to Hong Kong Island or Kowloon you’ll need to catch a red taxi. If you’re headed for the New Territories you’ll need a green taxi, and those going to Lantau Island will require a blue taxi. All taxis in Hong Kong are able to take passengers to and from the airport. Fares are metered and detailed information about charges are clearly displayed inside each cab.
BUS
There are more than 20 convenientAirbus‘A’ routes that can take you from the airport to key locations on Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and in the New Territories (including Lantau Island) with fewer stops than an ordinary city bus. When you exit the Arrivals Hall, turn right to find Airbuses andcity buses.
COACH AND LIMOUSINE CHARTER
Passengers who require their own personal limousines, minivans, vans and group coaches (buses) can book their transport from service providers located in the Arrivals Hall.
Getting around Hong Kong couldn't be easier with the quick and efficientMass Transit Railway (MTR) system. This covers all major districts in the territory, including stops at the boundary with Mainland China (Lo Wu Station and Lok Ma Chau Station).
The MTR also operates a light rail system that runs between Yuen Long and Tuen Mun in the New Territories.
Please note: Luggage size restrictions apply. Detailshere.
BUSES
Buses in Hong Kong are plentiful, comfortable and air-conditioned. Especially popular are the double-deckers that offer great views of the surrounding city from the top deck. Route number and destination are displayed. Fares are paid upon boarding, based on distance travelled and exact change is required if paying by cash. Octopus cards are accepted on all buses in Hong Kong.
There are four major bus service providers in Hong Kong, operating across Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the New Territories.Kowloon Motor BusandCitybusprovide services around Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the New Territories; whereasNew Lantao Busmainly operates on Lantau Island andLong Win Buscovers the area of North Lantau Island and the airport.
MINIBUSES
Minibuses are small buses that carry up to 19 people. Green minibuses operate along specific routes at fixed prices. Fares are paid upon boarding, based on distance travelled and exact change is required if paying by cash. All green minibuses accept Octopus cards. Red minibuses operate along routes that are not always fixed and passengers can get on and off anywhere along the route, except where special prohibitions apply. Fares are paid as you alight when travelling on a red minibus and the driver can usually provide change for small notes.
The ability to speak a bit of Cantonese and having some familiarity with Hong Kong will be a bonus when travelling on minibuses. Passengers are required by law to wear seat belts when one is available.
Awarded with the Guinness World Record™ for the ‘largest double-decker tram fleet in service’ in 2021, Hong Kong’s historic street trams still operate on the north corridor of Hong Kong Island through Western District, Wan Chai, Happy Valley, Causeway Bay and North Point. These double-decker streetcars have been travelling through Hong Kong's busiest thoroughfares since 1904 and continue to be an affordable, inexpensive and fun way to get around.
No matter how far you travel, each tram ride costs the same flat fare and exact change is required if you are paying by cash. All trams accept Octopus cards. You need to get on the tram at the back and then pay the exact fare at the front when you’re getting off.
With the exception of some very remote areas, taxis are plentiful throughout Hong Kong. They can usually be hailed on the street (except in restricted areas) or summoned by phone. All are metered, relatively cheap, air-conditioned and clean.
TYPES OF TAXIS
Taxis in Hong Kong are categorised by three colours, each indicating a geographical area. All taxis can travel to and from Hong Kong International Airport as well as Hong Kong Disneyland.
For taxi fares and additional charges, visitHong Kong’s Transport Department website.
TIPS FOR A HASSLE-FREE TAXI TRIP
See a comprehensive list of tips for a hassle-free taxi trip in Hong Konghereor visit theTransport Department website.
USEFUL NUMBERS
ACCESSIBLE TAXI SERVICE
Accessible taxi service is available for the elderly, people with disabilities and passengers with bulky luggage.
Learn more about accessible travel resourceshere.
As a coastal city, Hong Kong regularly operates ferry routes that connect Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the Outlying Islands.
FERRIES BETWEEN HONG KONG ISLAND AND KOWLOON
The cross-harbour ferries are a fun way to hop between Hong Kong Island and Kowloon. Enjoy the stunning harbour view as you sail between Central and Hung Hom or on the Star Ferry routes.
The Star Ferry is a charming vessel that transports passengers between Hong Kong Island (Central and Wan Chai) and Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui). It offers views of both sides of the harbour, and is as much an attraction as it is a mode of transport.
Fares vary slightly between the upper and lower decks, as well as between weekdays and weekends, and are paid at the barriers when boarding. Passengers can pay by Octopus Card, coins or use cash to purchase a token from the machines at the pier.
FERRIES BETWEEN HONG KONG ISLAND AND OUTLYING ISLANDS
Ferries operating from the Central Ferry Piers on Hong Kong Island provide services to the main Outlying Islands. Two types of ferries operate along most routes: standard ferries and the slightly more expensive fast ferries.
MAJOR FERRY COMPANIES IN HONG KONG
There are other ferries between different points around Hong Kong — see full ferry detailshere.
Appreciate Hong Kong’s world-renowned Victoria Harbour and its stunning skyline in a unique way — by riding a water taxi! Hong Kong Water Taxi is the officially approved water tourism route of the harbour, passing by famous attractions such as the Hong Kong Observation Wheel, the International Financial Centre, Tsim Sha Tsui Waterfront Promenade, the Avenue of Stars, the West Kowloon Cultural District and more. With a capacity of 170 passengers, Hong Kong Water Taxi offers both air-conditioned viewing cabin and spacious open decks.More details here.
An Octopus digital or physical travel card is an essential purchase in Hong Kong. It’s a smart payment tool that allows you to pay cash-free for all major public transport services, as well as dining, entertainment, shopping and more.
There are two types of Octopus for visitors: