Title: التعليمات | Hong Kong Tourism Board
Date: None
URL: https://www.discoverhongkong.com/ae/deals/in-town-offers/faq.html

A variety of discount offers, including attractions, dining, shopping and many more, are available on this website. Discount offers from merchants accredited by theQuality Tourism Services Schemeare available too.
Yes.
After signing up for an account, you can store the offers in ‘My Wallet’ for later use. The account will also keep a record of the stored and redeemed offers for your future reference.
Log in to your account.
Hover over ‘Hello, (your name)’ and click ‘My Account’.
There is no limit on the number of offers that can be added to 'My Wallet’.
The maximum number of each offer that you can acquire may vary. Please check the details of the respective offers on the website.
Please refer to the information listed under each offer. For example, if an offer is labelled “Acquire up to 2 times”, that means you can acquire up to two coupons of that offer. You may use the two coupons together or separately.
No. Each offer can only be used once.
If you have acquired the offer successfully, you will see the notification “Added to MY WALLET” displayed on the website. Otherwise, it means that the offer was not successfully acquired.
No. To redeem the offers, you have to log in to your own account on your mobile device and scan the HKTB QR code provided by the merchant in person.
As the arrangements of different merchants may vary, you are advised to refer to the terms and conditions of the participating merchants or contact them directly for details.
New offers from various merchants are available on this website from time to time. Check the website anytime for the latest offers.
New offers from various merchants are available on this website from time to time. Check the website anytime for the latest offers.
Select the respective offer under ‘My Wallet’ on your desktop PC.
Use your mobile phone to scan the QR code on the top right corner of the offer page.
You will be able to access the offer with your mobile device. Click the ‘Use coupon’ button to redeem.
Certain offers require no downloading to your wallet. Please refer to the merchant’s website for redemption instructions.
Select the downloaded offer you want to redeem, then click ‘Use coupon’.
Scan the HKTB QR code provided by the merchant with your mobile phone.
Show the confirmation message to the staff. If necessary, the staff will scan the code shown below the confirmation message.
Select the downloaded offer you want to redeem, then click ‘Use coupon’.
Click ‘Confirm’ under the confirmation message to check the promo code.
Click ‘Copy code’ to copy the promo code, then click ‘Book now’ to be re-directed to the merchant’s website.
Select the relevant products on the corresponding merchant’s website and paste/ enter the copied promo code during the check-out process to enjoy the offer.
Click ‘My Wallet’ at the top right corner of the page.
In ‘My Coupons’, choose ‘Redeemed / Expired’.
Redeemed offers will appear on the ‘Redeemed / Expired’ page.
Choose the offers you are redeeming and click ‘View code’ to display the barcode for staff’s scanning again, or
select the corresponding offer to check the promo code again.
Please allow the website to access your mobile phone camera to scan the QR code. If you are using an Android mobile phone and Chrome browser, please follow the steps below to change your mobile phone’s settings.
On the top right-hand corner of your browser, click ‘⋮’ and select ‘Setting’.
Select ‘Site Settings’.
Select ‘Camera’.
Switch on the camera.
If the website that you need to access is listed under ‘Blocked’, please select the URL and remove it from the list.
Return to the website and go to ‘My Wallet’. Select the offer, then click ‘Use coupon’.
No. Each mobile phone number can only be used to sign up for one account.
Log in to your account.
Hover over ‘Hello, (your name)’ and click ‘My Account’.
Choose your preferred language under ‘Account Settings’.
Click ‘Update’.
Enter your mobile phone number.
Click ‘Forgot password’.
An SMS notification will be sent to your mobile phone.
Follow the instructions to reset your password.
Log in to your account.
Hover over ‘Hello, (your name)’ and click ‘My Account’.
Fill in the information that you want to update.
Click ‘Update’ to confirm the changes.
Click ‘Log in/Sign up’ on the navigation bar at the top on your desktop PC, or the ≡ icon in the top right corner of the mobile site.
Log in to your account.
Hover over ‘Hello, (your name)’ and click ‘My Account’.
Go to ‘Delete my account’, click ‘Delete’.
Click ‘Confirm’.
You will receive an SMS notification with your registered number. Click the link to confirm the account deletion.
After confirming the account deletion, all your registered personal information and acquired coupons will be permanently removed from the Discover Hong Kong page.
After the account deletion is completed, you can use the same mobile phone number to sign up for a new account after 7 days.
Pleasecontact usfor more information.
If you are a merchant of the Quality Tourism Services Scheme, please call +852 2807 6124 or email your shop details (shop name, contact information and offer details) toinfo@qtsa.com.
You can contact us athttps://www.discoverhongkong.com/ae/contact-us.html.
Please contact the Hong Kong Tourism Board through the below channels:
Customer and general enquiries:
Visitor Hotline: +852 2508 1234 (9am to 9pm from Monday to Friday; 9am to 6pm on Saturdays and Sundays);
Email:info@discoverhongkong.com