Title: New hospital in Longhua provides 2,500 beds | EYESHENZHEN
Date: None
URL: http://www.eyeshenzhen.com/content/2024-12/27/content_31412469.htm

Shenzhen Xinhua Hospital, currently the largest single comprehensive medical facility in the city, opened in Longhua District on Thursday.
Shenzhen Xinhua Hospital, located in Longhua District, is the largest comprehensive medical facility in Shenzhen. Photos by Zhang Yu
The state-of-the-art facility, operated and managed by Peking University Shenzhen Hospital, has a planned capacity of 2,500 beds and is designed to accommodate up to 12,500 outpatient visits per day. Located in the bustling core area of Longhua, the new hospital is adjacent to Shenzhen North Station. Its proximity to Hongshan Station on Metro lines 4 and 6 ensures convenient transportation for visitors.
An interior view of Shenzhen Xinhua Hospital, highlighting its modern facilities.
Boasting 2,500 planned parking spaces, the facility features four underground floors and 22 above-ground floors. It has established the first batch of 17 outpatient clinical departments, including cardiovascular medicine, digestive medicine, stomatology, and dermatology, as well as four medical departments, such as medical laboratory, medical imaging, ultrasound imaging, and pharmacy. Two wards have also been set up, with a total of 92 beds.
Liang Zhen, president of Peking University Shenzhen Hospital, said that the first batch of departments opened are in high demand among Longhua residents. Some are advantageous and characteristic departments of Peking University Shenzhen Hospital.
The entrance of theinternational medical center at Shenzhen Xinhua Hospital.
“Peking University Shenzhen Hospital has dispatched over 50 experts to Xinhua Hospital for consultations, including some who are highly sought-after,” Liang said.
Meanwhile, a green referral channel has been established between the two hospitals, ensuring that residents in northern Shenzhen can enjoy medical services of the same quality as at Peking University Shenzhen Hospital.
The new hospital offers on-site medical consultations from Thursday to Jan. 5, 2025. Registration fees for visiting expert clinics will be waived during the period.
Directionalsigns are seen in front of the outpatient dept building.
Due to the hospital system still being in the debugging period, medical insurance services are temporarily unavailable. Patients will need to pay for inspection and testing services and medications out of pocket.