Title: Sci-tech innovation platforms in Cuiheng New District - Zhongshan, China | 中山城市英文门户网
Date: None
URL: https://en.zsnews.cn/Business/EntrepreneurshipInnovation/content/379/42558.html

An innovation platform in Cuiheng New District has been selected as a pilot for the commercialization of sci-tech achievements; some buildings in Phase II of the Zhongshan Life Science Park have been topped out; and the Future Technology Center of the Bay Area opened…
As more sci-tech innovation platforms in Cuiheng New District are put into operation, more spaces are available for implementing the "R&D in East bank (of the Pearl River) + Commercialization in Zhongshan" development mode. In just 6 months since the ShenZhong Link opened to traffic, more than 20 projects have settled in Cuiheng New District, with an aggregate investment of over 5 billion yuan.
Biomedicine and healthcare are key industries in the industrial layout of Cuiheng New District. In recent years, the district has been attracting more and more bio-pharmaceutical enterprises to settle down in the Zhongshan Life Science Park.
So far, Zhongshan Life Science Park has introduced over 30 projects, including such industry leaders as Tennor, Kousai, Leman Biotech, LKtime Biotech, Zebra Peutics and Laibai Biotech.
Cuiheng New District has witnessed the completion of Cuicheng parks Zhongshan Life Science Park, which attracted a group of Shenzhen-based enterprises to settle in, such as ZTE, Longsys and Hoson.
The Future Technology Center of the Bay Area, which has a total construction area of 380,000 square meters and a total investment of 2.7 billion yuan, has opened on December 30 last year, aiming to create an office cluster with living spaces for enterprises.
Addressing the demand for capital investment in the biomedical industry, Zhongshan Life Science Park has registered and launched more than 10 funds.
About ZhongshanNewsBusinessCultureServices
Copyright © 2018-2019 Zhongshan Daily Newspaper Group. All rights reserved. Presented by zsnews.cn