Title: Cityscapes testify SZ’s evolution _英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2024-12/31/content_31417518.htm

Joshua FernandezI OFTEN reflect on Shenzhen as one of the initial destinations for many foreigners exploring China. As their gateway to the country, it significantly influences their initial perceptions.One thing that immediately captures the attention of Shenzhen’s visitors is the impressive scale and sheer number of tall buildings and its diverse cityscapes. At times, it feels as though these scenes are right out of a movie.Over the past four years, I have meticulously captured Shenzhen’s urban essence through my lens. I can attest to the abundance of breathtaking landscapes nestled within its expansive cityscape.Each district boasts its own unique blend of historical and modern architecture, reflecting the defining characteristics of contemporary China. By documenting cityscapes at various stages of development, we can explore the evolving phases of urban planning and design. For photographers, this is not only an opportunity to appreciate the city’s beauty but also to capture history as it unfolds.Local residents have organically integrated into the city’s scenery, infusing vitality into its bustling streets. I have seized moments of pedestrians and e-bike couriers navigating past illuminated office buildings during late-night shifts, the flow of cars beneath towering structures at twilight, and soccer enthusiasts perfecting their skills on a community pitch at dawn. It is essential to acknowledge and commend the residents who have contributed to the fast evolution of this miraculous city.(Joshua Fernandez is a Bolivian-American designer and entrepreneur.)
Joshua Fernandez
I OFTEN reflect on Shenzhen as one of the initial destinations for many foreigners exploring China. As their gateway to the country, it significantly influences their initial perceptions.
One thing that immediately captures the attention of Shenzhen’s visitors is the impressive scale and sheer number of tall buildings and its diverse cityscapes. At times, it feels as though these scenes are right out of a movie.
Over the past four years, I have meticulously captured Shenzhen’s urban essence through my lens. I can attest to the abundance of breathtaking landscapes nestled within its expansive cityscape.
Each district boasts its own unique blend of historical and modern architecture, reflecting the defining characteristics of contemporary China. By documenting cityscapes at various stages of development, we can explore the evolving phases of urban planning and design. For photographers, this is not only an opportunity to appreciate the city’s beauty but also to capture history as it unfolds.
Local residents have organically integrated into the city’s scenery, infusing vitality into its bustling streets. I have seized moments of pedestrians and e-bike couriers navigating past illuminated office buildings during late-night shifts, the flow of cars beneath towering structures at twilight, and soccer enthusiasts perfecting their skills on a community pitch at dawn. It is essential to acknowledge and commend the residents who have contributed to the fast evolution of this miraculous city.
(Joshua Fernandez is a Bolivian-American designer and entrepreneur.)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com