Title: Manchester United reaches Premier League landmark
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2022-02/22/content_24946340.htm

MANCHESTER United’s 4-2 victory away to Leeds United on Sunday was the club’s 700th win in the Premier League and the club is the first to reach that tally.Second-half goals from Fred and Anthony Elanga sealed the three points for Ralf Rangnick’s side, after goals from Rodrigo and Raphinha had canceled out first-half headers from Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes.And United supporters will be pleased that Rangnick’s side reached this historic landmark in such a significant fixture.Sunday’s match was the first time Reds supporters have visited Elland Road for a Premier League match for 19 years, with the last top-flight clash in Yorkshire occurring back in October 2003.On that day, Roy Keane grabbed the winner in the closing stages to give Sir Alex Ferguson’s side a vital three points.United did play at the ground last season but supporters were not permitted due to coronavirus restrictions.United has now scored 15 and conceded five in the last four fixtures against the Whites.United’s first-ever Premier League win came back in August 1992, when Dion Dublin’s 88th-minute goal settled a game with Southampton at the Dell.Of the 700 successes, 399 have come at Old Trafford, meaning the next three points secured in M16 will usher in another landmark.“The atmosphere was great,” United manager Ralf Rangnick said. “At times we had to cool down things on the pitch.”Leeds can’t yet escape the fear that its return to the Premier League after a 16-year exile will end after two seasons. Just five points separate Marcelo Bielsa’s side from the relegation zone after collecting one point from the last four games.“The effort the team made you can value it, but the relationship between what you get and what they produced is enormous in football,” Leeds manager Marcelo Bielsa said. “To not fight would be a sign that is worrying and to fight is a starting point. But it is not the only thing.”  (SD-Agencies)
MANCHESTER United’s 4-2 victory away to Leeds United on Sunday was the club’s 700th win in the Premier League and the club is the first to reach that tally.
Second-half goals from Fred and Anthony Elanga sealed the three points for Ralf Rangnick’s side, after goals from Rodrigo and Raphinha had canceled out first-half headers from Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes.
And United supporters will be pleased that Rangnick’s side reached this historic landmark in such a significant fixture.
Sunday’s match was the first time Reds supporters have visited Elland Road for a Premier League match for 19 years, with the last top-flight clash in Yorkshire occurring back in October 2003.
On that day, Roy Keane grabbed the winner in the closing stages to give Sir Alex Ferguson’s side a vital three points.
United did play at the ground last season but supporters were not permitted due to coronavirus restrictions.
United has now scored 15 and conceded five in the last four fixtures against the Whites.
United’s first-ever Premier League win came back in August 1992, when Dion Dublin’s 88th-minute goal settled a game with Southampton at the Dell.
Of the 700 successes, 399 have come at Old Trafford, meaning the next three points secured in M16 will usher in another landmark.
“The atmosphere was great,” United manager Ralf Rangnick said. “At times we had to cool down things on the pitch.”
Leeds can’t yet escape the fear that its return to the Premier League after a 16-year exile will end after two seasons. Just five points separate Marcelo Bielsa’s side from the relegation zone after collecting one point from the last four games.
“The effort the team made you can value it, but the relationship between what you get and what they produced is enormous in football,” Leeds manager Marcelo Bielsa said. “To not fight would be a sign that is worrying and to fight is a starting point. But it is not the only thing.”  (SD-Agencies)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com