Title: Shopping in Shenzhen
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2010-10/13/content_4993698.htm

Shenzhen is a shopping paradise for both residents and visitors. On weekends, crowds of Hong Kong shoppers pour into the city searching from luxury stores to street stalls for various things from international brands to local products. Following is a list of the most popular shopping areas in the city.North Huaqiang Area (Hua Qiang Bei)The most prosperous shopping area in Shenzhen, it is home to dozens of market places for electronic products, home appliances, timepieces, clothing and jewelry. Some market places each house hundreds of shops, from flagship stores selling big brands to small boutiques where you can bargain.It is also a great place to dine, with plenty of restaurants offering various Chinese cuisines and foreign brands like Pizza Hut, Hagen Daas and AijiSen.Metro Stop: Hua Qiang Lu (Exit A), Line 1Luohu Commercial CityThis is the shopping area closest to Hong Kong, usually crowded on weekends. The five-story building houses many stores selling clothes, jewelry, fashion accessories and traditional craftworks.Metro Stop: Luo Hu (Exit A), Line 1MixC Shopping MallIt is the city?s most largest shopping mall and one of the most luxurious, selling clothes, cosmetics and fashion accessories. There is a large indoor ice skating rink, a movie theater and a super market selling many imported goods. You can also find quite a few foreign restaurant brands here, including Pizza Hut, Starbucks and a Japanese noodle house.Metro Stop: Da Ju Yuan (Exit C-3), Line 1CITIC City PlazaThe plaza is another luxurious shopping center, offering many famous fashion brands. In the basement of a plaza is a Japanese supermarket stocked with many imported goods. The plaza also houses a movie theater and several Western restaurants like Pizza Hut, Hagen Daas and Starbucks.Metro Stop: Ke Xue Guan (Exit D), Line 1Dongmen AreaOne the oldest commercial centers in Shenzhen, this area highlights a walking street flanked by humming stores. It is a good place to buy clothes, handbags, fashion accessories, jewelry, handicrafts, toys and small electronic gadgets.Metro Stop: Lao Jie (Exit A), Line 1ShekouSitting by a beautiful cove in western Nanshan District, this quiet place is frequented by many expatriates living in Shenzhen. There are stores selling antiques, collectibles, handicrafts and souvenirs, as well as bars and restaurants offering Western food.
Shenzhen is a shopping paradise for both residents and visitors. On weekends, crowds of Hong Kong shoppers pour into the city searching from luxury stores to street stalls for various things from international brands to local products. Following is a list of the most popular shopping areas in the city.
North Huaqiang Area (Hua Qiang Bei)The most prosperous shopping area in Shenzhen, it is home to dozens of market places for electronic products, home appliances, timepieces, clothing and jewelry. Some market places each house hundreds of shops, from flagship stores selling big brands to small boutiques where you can bargain.It is also a great place to dine, with plenty of restaurants offering various Chinese cuisines and foreign brands like Pizza Hut, Hagen Daas and AijiSen.Metro Stop: Hua Qiang Lu (Exit A), Line 1
Luohu Commercial CityThis is the shopping area closest to Hong Kong, usually crowded on weekends. The five-story building houses many stores selling clothes, jewelry, fashion accessories and traditional craftworks.Metro Stop: Luo Hu (Exit A), Line 1
MixC Shopping MallIt is the city?s most largest shopping mall and one of the most luxurious, selling clothes, cosmetics and fashion accessories. There is a large indoor ice skating rink, a movie theater and a super market selling many imported goods. You can also find quite a few foreign restaurant brands here, including Pizza Hut, Starbucks and a Japanese noodle house.Metro Stop: Da Ju Yuan (Exit C-3), Line 1
CITIC City PlazaThe plaza is another luxurious shopping center, offering many famous fashion brands. In the basement of a plaza is a Japanese supermarket stocked with many imported goods. The plaza also houses a movie theater and several Western restaurants like Pizza Hut, Hagen Daas and Starbucks.Metro Stop: Ke Xue Guan (Exit D), Line 1
Dongmen AreaOne the oldest commercial centers in Shenzhen, this area highlights a walking street flanked by humming stores. It is a good place to buy clothes, handbags, fashion accessories, jewelry, handicrafts, toys and small electronic gadgets.Metro Stop: Lao Jie (Exit A), Line 1
ShekouSitting by a beautiful cove in western Nanshan District, this quiet place is frequented by many expatriates living in Shenzhen. There are stores selling antiques, collectibles, handicrafts and souvenirs, as well as bars and restaurants offering Western food.
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@szszd.com.cn