Title: Tourists cancel Thailand trips amid safety concern_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/17/content_31440981.htm

HOTELS and airlines are experiencing widespread cancellations from Chinese tour groups ahead of the Chinese New Year holiday, with independent tourist bookings also slowing due to safety concerns in Thailand.Days ago, the news that Chinese actor Wang Xing was rescued from a human trafficking ring operating through Thailand was widely covered in the Chinese media, causing concerns among Chinese tourists.A travel platform insider told the Shanghai-based news outlet The Paper that their agency has seen about 30% of bookings scrapped over the past week.The Association of Thai Travel Agents (ATTA) estimates a 10–20% drop in Chinese tourist arrivals during the upcoming Lunar New Year, potentially costing the Thai tourism industry up to 5 billion baht (US$144 million).Eason Chan, a singer and actor from China’s Hong Kong, canceled a planned concert in Thailand last week, citing safety concerns for Chinese fans visiting the country.Similarly, renowned Chinese skit and sitcom actor Zhao Benshan announced that the Chinese New Year Comedy Show, also planned for Feb. 22 in Bangkok, would be postponed due to force majeure and safety considerations.Meanwhile, Hong Kong’s Security Bureau dispatched a task force to Thailand to investigate incidents involving their citizens being enticed into job scams in Southeast Asia.On Jan. 11, the Chinese Embassy in Thailand issued a notice warning citizens to beware of “high-salary recruitment” traps and not to trust false promises such as “high-paying jobs” or “covered flight tickets and accommodation.” The embassy urged vigilance to prevent further victims of scams.Prachoom Tantiprasertsuk, Chairman of Marketing at the Thai Hotels Association (THA), reported that hotels in key destinations, particularly in Bangkok, are receiving cancellations from Chinese tour groups. This impact is more evident among tour groups, as they can still cancel hotel and air ticket bookings, unlike independent tourists whose bookings are nonrefundable.A source from Thai AirAsia also reported a continued slowing of new bookings from Chinese customers, indicating concern over trips to Thailand.(SD-Agencies)
HOTELS and airlines are experiencing widespread cancellations from Chinese tour groups ahead of the Chinese New Year holiday, with independent tourist bookings also slowing due to safety concerns in Thailand.
Days ago, the news that Chinese actor Wang Xing was rescued from a human trafficking ring operating through Thailand was widely covered in the Chinese media, causing concerns among Chinese tourists.
A travel platform insider told the Shanghai-based news outlet The Paper that their agency has seen about 30% of bookings scrapped over the past week.
The Association of Thai Travel Agents (ATTA) estimates a 10–20% drop in Chinese tourist arrivals during the upcoming Lunar New Year, potentially costing the Thai tourism industry up to 5 billion baht (US$144 million).
Eason Chan, a singer and actor from China’s Hong Kong, canceled a planned concert in Thailand last week, citing safety concerns for Chinese fans visiting the country.
Similarly, renowned Chinese skit and sitcom actor Zhao Benshan announced that the Chinese New Year Comedy Show, also planned for Feb. 22 in Bangkok, would be postponed due to force majeure and safety considerations.
Meanwhile, Hong Kong’s Security Bureau dispatched a task force to Thailand to investigate incidents involving their citizens being enticed into job scams in Southeast Asia.
On Jan. 11, the Chinese Embassy in Thailand issued a notice warning citizens to beware of “high-salary recruitment” traps and not to trust false promises such as “high-paying jobs” or “covered flight tickets and accommodation.” The embassy urged vigilance to prevent further victims of scams.
Prachoom Tantiprasertsuk, Chairman of Marketing at the Thai Hotels Association (THA), reported that hotels in key destinations, particularly in Bangkok, are receiving cancellations from Chinese tour groups. This impact is more evident among tour groups, as they can still cancel hotel and air ticket bookings, unlike independent tourists whose bookings are nonrefundable.
A source from Thai AirAsia also reported a continued slowing of new bookings from Chinese customers, indicating concern over trips to Thailand.
(SD-Agencies)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com