Title: Winter games’ designs celebrate nature, culture, and athletic spirit_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/16/content_31439687.htm

TO welcome the upcoming 9th Asian Winter Games, the host city of Harbin is adorned with decorative elements that reflect the event’s theme.Billboards, wall murals and sculptures featuring the Games’ mascots — Siberian tigers “Binbin “and “Nini” — can be seen throughout the city.The lovable figures were created by a team from the Academy of Arts & Design at Tsinghua University, and symbolize an in-depth exploration and shaping of the unique natural and cultural heritage of the country’s Northeast Siberian tiger culture.“The archetypes of Binbin and Nini are two cute little Siberian tigers born in September 2023 at the Siberian Tiger Park in Harbin,” said Zhang Qixiang, mayor of Harbin and vice-chairman and secretary-general of the Organizing Committee for the 9th Asian Winter Games.“We pondered what kind of mascots could encapsulate the rich history and contemporary flair of Harbin, along with the warmth, honesty and romance of its people. We then considered the Siberian tiger, with its 3-million-year evolution. A symbol of nature’s harmony in Heilongjiang, it embodies both power and playful charm,” explained Chen Lei, the head of the mascots and emblem design team for the Games.In Chinese culture, the tiger symbolizes good luck, and embodies qualities such as integrity, strength, and courage, all in line with the spirit of the continental sporting gala.The Games’ torch, which takes the form of a blossoming lilac, stands at a height of 735 millimeters, with a diameter at the crown of 115 mm and a grip diameter of 50 mm.It features colors such as China red, lilac purple and snow white. The outer edge of the torch’s combustion chamber is adorned with a cutout snowflake pattern.When ignited, the torch presents a harmonious blend of ice and fire, highlighting the brilliance and passion of winter sports.The torch design is further inspired by the Heilongjiang River that flows through Heilongjiang Province.Zhang Junhai, the designer of the torch and an industrial design teacher from University of Science and Technology Beijing, explained: “I designed the entire torch around the concept of the surging power of water, in a majestic and powerful manner. Therefore, the torch’s shape grows upwards from the bottom.”The design theme — “surging” — aims to embody the lively and dynamic energy of nature, symbolizing that the 9th Asian Winter Games will be both vibrant and passionate.The medal design for the Games, named “Spirit of Speed”, combines the streamlined shape of a race track with the emblem of the Games on the front side, capturing the powerful and graceful motion of athletes in action. The flowing curves of the track incorporate the silhouette of the Harbin Grand Theater, reflecting the city’s unique aesthetic.The reverse side of the medal features a picturesque view of Yabuli, with mountain ranges and forests providing a vibrant portrayal of Heilongjiang’s rich and bountiful landscape.The 9th Asian Winter Games will be held in Harbin, Northeast China’s Heilongjiang Province, from Feb. 7 to 14.  (China Daily)
TO welcome the upcoming 9th Asian Winter Games, the host city of Harbin is adorned with decorative elements that reflect the event’s theme.
Billboards, wall murals and sculptures featuring the Games’ mascots — Siberian tigers “Binbin “and “Nini” — can be seen throughout the city.
The lovable figures were created by a team from the Academy of Arts & Design at Tsinghua University, and symbolize an in-depth exploration and shaping of the unique natural and cultural heritage of the country’s Northeast Siberian tiger culture.
“The archetypes of Binbin and Nini are two cute little Siberian tigers born in September 2023 at the Siberian Tiger Park in Harbin,” said Zhang Qixiang, mayor of Harbin and vice-chairman and secretary-general of the Organizing Committee for the 9th Asian Winter Games.
“We pondered what kind of mascots could encapsulate the rich history and contemporary flair of Harbin, along with the warmth, honesty and romance of its people. We then considered the Siberian tiger, with its 3-million-year evolution. A symbol of nature’s harmony in Heilongjiang, it embodies both power and playful charm,” explained Chen Lei, the head of the mascots and emblem design team for the Games.
In Chinese culture, the tiger symbolizes good luck, and embodies qualities such as integrity, strength, and courage, all in line with the spirit of the continental sporting gala.
The Games’ torch, which takes the form of a blossoming lilac, stands at a height of 735 millimeters, with a diameter at the crown of 115 mm and a grip diameter of 50 mm.
It features colors such as China red, lilac purple and snow white. The outer edge of the torch’s combustion chamber is adorned with a cutout snowflake pattern.
When ignited, the torch presents a harmonious blend of ice and fire, highlighting the brilliance and passion of winter sports.
The torch design is further inspired by the Heilongjiang River that flows through Heilongjiang Province.
Zhang Junhai, the designer of the torch and an industrial design teacher from University of Science and Technology Beijing, explained: “I designed the entire torch around the concept of the surging power of water, in a majestic and powerful manner. Therefore, the torch’s shape grows upwards from the bottom.”
The design theme — “surging” — aims to embody the lively and dynamic energy of nature, symbolizing that the 9th Asian Winter Games will be both vibrant and passionate.
The medal design for the Games, named “Spirit of Speed”, combines the streamlined shape of a race track with the emblem of the Games on the front side, capturing the powerful and graceful motion of athletes in action. The flowing curves of the track incorporate the silhouette of the Harbin Grand Theater, reflecting the city’s unique aesthetic.
The reverse side of the medal features a picturesque view of Yabuli, with mountain ranges and forests providing a vibrant portrayal of Heilongjiang’s rich and bountiful landscape.
The 9th Asian Winter Games will be held in Harbin, Northeast China’s Heilongjiang Province, from Feb. 7 to 14.  (China Daily)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com