Title: ‘Coming 2 America’ tops Make-Up Artists and Hair Stylists Guild Awards
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2022-02/22/content_24946368.htm

“COMING 2 America” won three trophies, the most for a feature film, during the 9th annual Make-Up Artists and Hair Stylists Guild (MUAHS) Awards.The awards were presented Saturday during a live ceremony at the Beverly Hilton hotel. COVID-19 safety requirements included proof of vaccination and a negative COVID test, while MUAHS Awards masks were distributed to guests.Amazon’s “Coming 2 America” received awards for best contemporary make-up, contemporary hair styling and special make-up effects. Also in the feature competition, “Cruella” won a trophy for period and/or character make-up, and “Being the Ricardos” picked up the award for period and/or character hair styling.“Coming 2 America” and “Cruella,” along with “Dune,” “The Eyes of Tammy Faye” and “House of Gucci” are nominated for the Oscar in Make-Up and Hair Styling. A year ago, “Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom” won a pair of MUAHS Awards en route to winning the Oscar in the category.The MUAHS Awards also honored achievements in television, commercials, music videos and live theater.Jon Favreau accepted the Guild’s Distinguished Artisan Award, virtually, during which he thanked the artists and craftspeople in the Guild for being “an important part of my work, both in front and behind the camera.” He noted that he has “benefited first as an audience member,” and for the collaboration in “creating a unified vision.”Also during the ceremony hosted by Melissa Peterman, Doug Jones (“Star Trek Discovery,” “The Shape of Water”) accepted the newly created Chair Award, quipping “I feel a little guilty receiving an award for sitting in a chair while you did all the work” as he eloquently gave a heartfelt thanks to the community. And Christina Smith was bestowed the Vanguard Award.Producer Paula Wagner presented a Lifetime Achievement Award to Oscar and Emmy-winning make-up artist Michèle Burke — the first woman to win an Academy Award in her field — and whose credits include the “Mission Impossible” and “Austin Powers” series. And Lauren Shuler Donner bestowed the second Lifetime Achievement Award of the evening to Emmy-winning hair stylist Joy Zapata, whose credits include “Star Trek: The Next Generation,” “Westworld” and 2018’s “A Star Is Born.”(SD-Agencies)
“COMING 2 America” won three trophies, the most for a feature film, during the 9th annual Make-Up Artists and Hair Stylists Guild (MUAHS) Awards.
The awards were presented Saturday during a live ceremony at the Beverly Hilton hotel. COVID-19 safety requirements included proof of vaccination and a negative COVID test, while MUAHS Awards masks were distributed to guests.
Amazon’s “Coming 2 America” received awards for best contemporary make-up, contemporary hair styling and special make-up effects. Also in the feature competition, “Cruella” won a trophy for period and/or character make-up, and “Being the Ricardos” picked up the award for period and/or character hair styling.
“Coming 2 America” and “Cruella,” along with “Dune,” “The Eyes of Tammy Faye” and “House of Gucci” are nominated for the Oscar in Make-Up and Hair Styling. A year ago, “Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom” won a pair of MUAHS Awards en route to winning the Oscar in the category.
The MUAHS Awards also honored achievements in television, commercials, music videos and live theater.
Jon Favreau accepted the Guild’s Distinguished Artisan Award, virtually, during which he thanked the artists and craftspeople in the Guild for being “an important part of my work, both in front and behind the camera.” He noted that he has “benefited first as an audience member,” and for the collaboration in “creating a unified vision.”
Also during the ceremony hosted by Melissa Peterman, Doug Jones (“Star Trek Discovery,” “The Shape of Water”) accepted the newly created Chair Award, quipping “I feel a little guilty receiving an award for sitting in a chair while you did all the work” as he eloquently gave a heartfelt thanks to the community. And Christina Smith was bestowed the Vanguard Award.
Producer Paula Wagner presented a Lifetime Achievement Award to Oscar and Emmy-winning make-up artist Michèle Burke — the first woman to win an Academy Award in her field — and whose credits include the “Mission Impossible” and “Austin Powers” series. And Lauren Shuler Donner bestowed the second Lifetime Achievement Award of the evening to Emmy-winning hair stylist Joy Zapata, whose credits include “Star Trek: The Next Generation,” “Westworld” and 2018’s “A Star Is Born.”
(SD-Agencies)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com