Title: Celebrate your trendy Spring Festival in Guangdong | GDToday
Date: None
URL: https://www.newsgd.com/node_1509dfce78/51ee09c098.shtml

As the Spring Festival approaches, south China's Guangdong Province is unveiling an exciting lineup of fresh, fashionable events. From stunning fireworks shows to high-tech immersive experiences, here's a sneak peek at the coolest ways to ring in the Chinese New Year in the province.
Fireworks & drones
Guangzhou
On January 29, Guangzhou will kick off the festivities with a spectacular 45-minute fireworks show at Bai'etan, featuring over 2,025 drones, light projections, synchronized performances, and futuristic visuals, ensuring an unforgettable experience.
(Photo: China Guangzhou Fabu)
Reservation: Via "中国广州发布" WeChat account
Location: Bai'etan, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
Time: 8 PM, January 29
Shantou
On January 30, Shantou will take it up a notch with a 30-minute fireworks show. Over 5,000 drones will join nearly 100,000 fireworks in a breathtaking display over the coastal waters and create amazing effects.
(Photo: Shantou Municipal Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports Bureau)
Location: Inner Bay of Shantou, best viewed from Zhugang New Town (珠港新城)
Time: 8 PM, January 30
Zhaoqing
In Zhaoqing, the Dinghu District and Zhaoqing New District will host a fireworks show at Changli Lake, which is perfect for families and visitors looking for a festive atmosphere.
(Photo: ZhaoqingMunicipal Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports Bureau)
Location: Best viewed from Changli Lake Embankment Road, Zhaoqing New District Sports Center, and Sheraton Campsite
Time: 9 PM, January 29,
China Chic experiences
Shenzhen
In Shenzhen, the Splendid China Folk Village has teamed up with the Chinese historical drama "A Dream of Splendor" to create a 20,000-square-meter immersive cultural experience area. Visitors can step into the world of the drama, explore aesthetic lifestyles in the Song Dynasty, enjoy over 90 traditional Chinese-style performances, and interact with NPCs.
(Photo: Splendid China Folk Village)
To celebrate the Chinese New Year, the park will also host a 530,000-square-meter lantern fair, highlighted by a massive "Black Myth: Wukong" themed lantern display on the water.
(Photo: Splendid China Folk Village)
Location: Splendid China Folk Village (锦绣中华民俗村), Shenzhen
Meizhou
Hakka World Scenic Spot in Meizhou offers a stunning "flying sky" Hanfu show, where "phoenixes" soar through the sky. There will also be traditional dragon dances, Hakka food festivals, and a festive parade.
(Photo: Hakka World Scenic Spot)
Dates: January 29 to February 4.
Location: Hakka World Scenic Spot, Meizhou.
VR and Metaverse fun
"Panda's World" VR exhibition
For a more futuristic celebration, Shenzhen and Zhuhai are hosting the "Panda's World" VR exhibition. In this 25-minute adventure, visitors will be transported to a recreation of the panda's natural habitat, enjoy an interactive adventure through ancient forests and the panda's journey over the years, and experience the animal's world like never before.
(Photo: Jinwan Art Center)
Location: O'Plaza, OCT Harbour, Shenzhen (until June 14); Hall D, Jinwan Art Center, Zhuhai (until May 8)
X-META theme parks
The Shenzhen and Dongguan branches of metaverse-themed park X-META combine VR, 6D films, games, and interactive experiences all in one. Visitors can choose from a variety of themes and popular TV series scenarios, where they can step into the VR world and experience the xianxia (a genre of Chinese fantasy heavily inspired by Chinese mythology) realm of "Love Between Fairy and Devil", or immerse themselves in the Tang Dynasty splendor of "Luoyang".
(Photo: ShenzhenLOOK)
(Photo: X-META)
Additionally, the Shenzhen OCT Harbour branch will feature new VR experiences to welcome the Spring Festival, such as "Eight Immortals Crossing the Sea & Welcoming the God of Wealth".
Location: OCT Harbour, Shenzhen; L3, Cpark, Dongguan
Helicopter tours
For an exclusive perspective, how about taking a helicopter tour of Shenzhen? Tourists can fly over landmarks and enjoy a bird's-eye view of the city's iconic skyline and natural beauty. Daytime and night flights are available, allowing visitors to experience Shenzhen in a new light.
(Photo: HELI-EASTERN)
Reservation: Via "空中的士" WeChat Mini Program.
Note: Children must be 3 years or older; children under 12 years of age need an adult companion
Author: Huang Xinying
Poster: Cai Junru
Editor: Wei Shen, James, Shen He