Title: Flower fairs in Guangzhou's Liwan District | GDToday
Date: None
URL: https://www.newsgd.com/node_99363c4f3b/36fe85e440.shtml

Come and celebrate the Chinese New Year with splendid floral feasts!
Jan 22 to 24: A waterborne flower market to display blossoms.
Jan 26 to 28: Flower fairs on land to feature the festive atmosphere.
Jan 29 (the first day of the Chinese New Year): A fireworks show to light up the night.
From water to land to sky, Guangzhou's Liwan District's flower fairs offer a celebration like no other.
1.Waterborne flower market to welcome spring
From January 22 to 24, the Guangzhou Waterborne Flower Market will make a grand debut at the YongQing Fang Tourism Area in Xiguan, breathing new life into Huadutou, the millennia-old flower dock. Held both on water and on land, this year's waterborne market will combine display and interaction.Highlights includea Lingnan-style spring-themed market featuring water and land exhibits,floral artworksperfect for photo-taking, andactivities such as themed parades and hands-on experiences.Astunning festive settingawaits,brimming withfloralcharm.
2. Traditional flower fairs with new highlights
The 2025 Liwan Flower Fair will unfold along Liwan Roadfrom January 26 to 28. This year, it willintroduce a fresh take by replacing the traditional flower market archway with two grand floral baskets. A total of 216 stalls will feature a diverse array of offerings, includingprime stalls, potted flower stalls, cut flower stalls, fresh flower stalls, and craft stalls.
From January 28 to February 13, the 2025 Spring Flower and Lantern Festival will be held in the Guangzhou Cultural Park to exhibit over 30 sets of garden designs with flowers and lanterns adorned with an abundance of seasonal blooms. The event will include themed exhibition areas tailored to different flower varieties and a rich lineup of cultural and folk activities, such as dragon and lion dances, music and dance performances, chess demonstrations, spring couplet and floral arrangement exhibitions, as well as calligraphy, painting, and photography showcases.
3. Fireworks show to illuminate the new year
The2025 Spring Festival Fireworks Showwill be set above theBai'etan Greater Bay Area Art Center. The show includes four parts with different themes and boasts performances by2,025 drones, light shows, and video projectionsto welcome a joyful and hopeful Chinese new year.As before, attendance for the fireworks show is by reservation only. Citizens and tourists can secure their spots through theofficialWeChat accountsZhongguo Guangzhou Fabu (中国广州发布)andGuangzhou Liwa Fabu (广州荔湾发布).
Photos: HObin
2025Guangzhou Waterborne Flower Market
Location: Yong Qing Fang Tourism Area (Liwan Lake Park, Lizhi Bay area)
2025 Liwan Flower Fair
Location: Liwan Road (South from Zhongshan 8th Road intersection, North to Xihua Road intersection)
2025 Spring Flower and Lantern FestivalinGuangzhou Cultural Park
Location: Guangzhou Cultural Park, No. 37 Xidi Second Road, Liwan District
Guangzhou Flower Expo Park (广州花卉博览园)
Location: No. 101 Huabo Avenue, Liwan District
Lingnan Flower Market (岭南花卉市场)
Location: No. 57 Fangxin Road, Liwan District, Guangzhou (广州市荔湾区芳信路57号)
2025 Spring Festival Fireworks ShowatBai'etan Greater Bay Area Art Center
Location: Bai'etan Waterway, Liwan District
Locations of Water, Land, and Air Events
Traffic Diversion and Parking Guideof Guangzhou Flower Expo Park
Traffic Diversion and Parking Guide of Lingnan Flower Market
Photo | Nanfang Plus
Editor | Zhang Yuan (intern), Jiang Chang, Huang Qini, James, Shen He