Title: Hengqin Chimelong International Ocean Tourist Resort, Guangdong province | GDToday
Date: None
URL: https://www.newsgd.com/node_c8f73edf09/10960aa4d7.shtml

Prominent in Guangdong's Hengqin Free Trade Zone, Chimelong International Ocean Tourist Resort is an extraordinary world-class leisure and entertainment destination in many ways, including size and attractions. It is invested by Chimelong Group Co., Ltd, a leading conglomerate in China's tourism industry.
A favorite destination of guests from around the world, Chimelong Ocean Kingdom is the only recipient of the 2014 Outstanding Themed Park Achievement Award granted by the Themed Entertainment Association. The world's largest ocean-themed resort, which opened in March 2014, boasts Chimelong Paradise, China's largest amusement park; International Circus City with top award-winning performers; Hengqin Bay Hotel with 1,500 ecology-themed rooms; Circus Hotel, designed as a typical European town with variously colored architecture and unique bell tower; Penguin Hotel with the flightless swimmers everywhere; Water Park, open on April 1, 2016; upcoming Safari Park; and the 5D Castle Theater.
Chimelong Ocean Kingdom
The eight themed areas of Chimelong Ocean Kingdom are, in a word, enchanting. Thousands of rare fish swim in Whale Shark Aquarium, the world's largest one of its kind. Penguin Hall is home to polar Emperor, King, Adelie, Gentoo, and Humboldt penguins. Meanwhile, Polar Bear Hall hosts the North Pole predators. Astounding performances of white whales, dolphins and sea lions are shown here. Nine dynamic entertainment items like Underwater World, Parrot Roller Coaster, Super Riptide and Iceberg Roller Coaster offer visitors endless surprise. Scrumptious experience is also given by 19 unique restaurants, while guests will also be delighted by multiple themed stores, kiosk shops, and outdoor performances such as the Float Parade and Hengqin Ocean Show.
Whale Shark Aquarium witnesses the birth of five world records: Largest Acrylic Panel/ Largest Aquarium Tank/ Largest Underwater Viewing Dome/ Largest Aquarium Window/ Largest Aquarium
Chimelong Circus City
A world-leading circus stadium dedicated to the China International Circus Festival, the venue accommodates more than 2,700 persons. More than a hundred circus artists and award-winning programs from over 10 countries and regions passionately captivate audiences in this fantasy environment.
Chimelong Ocean Kingdom 5D Castle Theater
Opened on May 31, 2015 as a gift for Children's Day, the 5D Castle Theater is the world's largest and most distinctive cinema featuring special 5D effects. It emerges as a castle erected in the sea. The floor area is 12,000 sq m, and it is as high as a 10-story building. Its spectacular arc-shaped screen is 88 m long and 18 m high with a total area of over 1,500 sq m, horizontally spreading out in 180 degrees. The Theater Hall covers 3,000 sq m with more than a thousand high-tech dynamic seats. The 5D movie developed by Chimelong titled CACA Adventure will escort the audience on an unprecedented fantasy journey.
Hengqin Chimelong International Ocean Tourist Resort, Guangdong province
(广东省横琴长隆国际海洋度假区 guǎng dōng shěng héng qín cháng lóng guó jì hǎi yáng dù jià qū)
Address: Hengqin New Area, Guangdong, China
Tel: 4008-830083