Title: China adds 7 US companies to unreliable entity list_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/16/content_31439685.htm

CHINA’S Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Tuesday that seven U.S. companies have been added to the unreliable entity list for selling arms to China’s Taiwan region.The seven are Inter-Coastal Electronics, System Studies & Simulation, IronMountain Solutions, Applied Technologies Group, Axient, Anduril Industries and Maritime Tactical Systems.They are prohibited from engaging in China-related import or export activities, and from making new investments within China, according to the MOC.Senior executives of these companies are banned from entering China, and their existing work permits and residency qualifications in China will be nullified. Additionally, no new permits or qualifications will be issued to these individuals, the MOC said. An MOC spokesperson said that the U.S. recent weapon sales to Taiwan seriously undermined the one-China principle and violated the three joint communiques between China and the United States, posing a threat to peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait.China has always handled issues related to its unreliable entity list with caution, the spokesperson said, adding that the list targets only the foreign entities that jeopardize China’s national security.“The Chinese Government continues to welcome enterprises from around the world to invest and operate in China, and is committed to providing a stable, fair and predictable business environment for law-compliant foreign companies,” the spokesperson said.(Xinhua)
CHINA’S Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Tuesday that seven U.S. companies have been added to the unreliable entity list for selling arms to China’s Taiwan region.
The seven are Inter-Coastal Electronics, System Studies & Simulation, IronMountain Solutions, Applied Technologies Group, Axient, Anduril Industries and Maritime Tactical Systems.
They are prohibited from engaging in China-related import or export activities, and from making new investments within China, according to the MOC.
Senior executives of these companies are banned from entering China, and their existing work permits and residency qualifications in China will be nullified. Additionally, no new permits or qualifications will be issued to these individuals, the MOC said. An MOC spokesperson said that the U.S. recent weapon sales to Taiwan seriously undermined the one-China principle and violated the three joint communiques between China and the United States, posing a threat to peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait.
China has always handled issues related to its unreliable entity list with caution, the spokesperson said, adding that the list targets only the foreign entities that jeopardize China’s national security.
“The Chinese Government continues to welcome enterprises from around the world to invest and operate in China, and is committed to providing a stable, fair and predictable business environment for law-compliant foreign companies,” the spokesperson said.
(Xinhua)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com