Title: Exhibition honoring Peking Opera school hits high notes_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/14/content_31437131.htm

AN exhibition has recently opened at the Capital Museum in Beijing to commemorate the 120th anniversary of the Peking Opera school Fuliancheng (also previously known as Xiliancheng).At the heart of the exhibition lies a stage designed to recreate the ambiance of theaters a century ago, where audiences experienced performances by legendary Peking Opera masters such as Mei Lanfang, Zhou Xinfang, Ma Lianliang, Ye Shenglan, Qiu Shengrong, and others who were trained at the school.Through archives, photographs, videos, opera costumes, and stage props, the exhibition delves into the school’s history and its alumni’s accomplishments.Established by Ye Chunshan in 1904, Fuliancheng offered training in Peking Opera performance, stage management and theater administration. Ye’s vision for the school was to elevate the art of Peking Opera rather than focus on financial gain.Reflecting on his grandfather’s legacy, Ye Jinsen, a Peking Opera actor, remarked, “My grandfather never envisioned fulfilling the promise he made 120 years ago. Despite facing numerous challenges, the faculty at Fuliancheng persevered in their careers for many years. We must continue to study Fuliancheng and inherit its cultural heritage.”Many famous Peking Opera actors and instructors graduated from Fuliancheng, playing pivotal roles in the advancement of the art form. In 1948, due to economic constraints, Fuliancheng ceased its operations. Some graduates subsequently enrolled in institutions like the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts, Beijing Vocational College of Opera and Arts, and other opera schools nationwide, adopting and preserving Fuliancheng’s training methods to enrich Peking Opera education.Sun Ping, a Peking Opera actress and art research professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University, emphasized the importance of studying and upholding Fuliancheng’s educational model to preserve and advance traditional culture. She highlighted that the essential goal of nurturing young talents is to ensure the sustainable growth of Peking Opera.Organized by the Capital Museum and the China Theater Association, the exhibition will be open to the public until March 30.(China Daily)
AN exhibition has recently opened at the Capital Museum in Beijing to commemorate the 120th anniversary of the Peking Opera school Fuliancheng (also previously known as Xiliancheng).
At the heart of the exhibition lies a stage designed to recreate the ambiance of theaters a century ago, where audiences experienced performances by legendary Peking Opera masters such as Mei Lanfang, Zhou Xinfang, Ma Lianliang, Ye Shenglan, Qiu Shengrong, and others who were trained at the school.
Through archives, photographs, videos, opera costumes, and stage props, the exhibition delves into the school’s history and its alumni’s accomplishments.
Established by Ye Chunshan in 1904, Fuliancheng offered training in Peking Opera performance, stage management and theater administration. Ye’s vision for the school was to elevate the art of Peking Opera rather than focus on financial gain.
Reflecting on his grandfather’s legacy, Ye Jinsen, a Peking Opera actor, remarked, “My grandfather never envisioned fulfilling the promise he made 120 years ago. Despite facing numerous challenges, the faculty at Fuliancheng persevered in their careers for many years. We must continue to study Fuliancheng and inherit its cultural heritage.”
Many famous Peking Opera actors and instructors graduated from Fuliancheng, playing pivotal roles in the advancement of the art form. In 1948, due to economic constraints, Fuliancheng ceased its operations. Some graduates subsequently enrolled in institutions like the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts, Beijing Vocational College of Opera and Arts, and other opera schools nationwide, adopting and preserving Fuliancheng’s training methods to enrich Peking Opera education.
Sun Ping, a Peking Opera actress and art research professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University, emphasized the importance of studying and upholding Fuliancheng’s educational model to preserve and advance traditional culture. She highlighted that the essential goal of nurturing young talents is to ensure the sustainable growth of Peking Opera.
Organized by the Capital Museum and the China Theater Association, the exhibition will be open to the public until March 30.
(China Daily)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com