Title: No winter in sight_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/15/content_31438438.htm

THE recent cold spell might lead many to believe winter is approaching in Shenzhen, but meteorological experts clarify that there are still no signs of winter.According to the city’s meteorological observatory, the temperature difference between the lowest and highest temperatures in some areas has recently exceeded 10 degrees Celsius. This significant diurnal variation is attributed to clear-sky radiation.Clear-sky radiation occurs when the ground cools by radiating heat at night, with little to no cloud cover, as explained by meteorologists. Clouds act as insulation, like a blanket, trapping heat. Without this natural cover, mornings and evenings can be much colder, akin to sleeping without a blanket.The recent stretch of clear, dry weather with minimal cloud cover has led to pronounced clear-sky radiation, causing noticeable differences in how residents experience temperatures during the day and night.According to climatological criteria, winter in Shenzhen begins when the five-day sliding average temperature falls below 10 degrees Celsius. Data from 2014 to 2023 show that in half of those years, Shenzhen experienced no winter.Additionally, climate statistics from 1991 to 2020 indicate that the average winter season in Shenzhen lasts 13 days, with winter typically beginning around Jan. 21.              (SD News)
THE recent cold spell might lead many to believe winter is approaching in Shenzhen, but meteorological experts clarify that there are still no signs of winter.
According to the city’s meteorological observatory, the temperature difference between the lowest and highest temperatures in some areas has recently exceeded 10 degrees Celsius. This significant diurnal variation is attributed to clear-sky radiation.
Clear-sky radiation occurs when the ground cools by radiating heat at night, with little to no cloud cover, as explained by meteorologists. Clouds act as insulation, like a blanket, trapping heat. Without this natural cover, mornings and evenings can be much colder, akin to sleeping without a blanket.
The recent stretch of clear, dry weather with minimal cloud cover has led to pronounced clear-sky radiation, causing noticeable differences in how residents experience temperatures during the day and night.
According to climatological criteria, winter in Shenzhen begins when the five-day sliding average temperature falls below 10 degrees Celsius. Data from 2014 to 2023 show that in half of those years, Shenzhen experienced no winter.
Additionally, climate statistics from 1991 to 2020 indicate that the average winter season in Shenzhen lasts 13 days, with winter typically beginning around Jan. 21.              (SD News)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com