Title: Shenzhen builds a green, tech-forward urban oasis for sustainable living_英文报
Date: None
URL: http://www.szdaily.com/content/2025-01/17/content_31440979.htm

Editor’s note:As we reflect on 2024, Shenzhen remains committed to advancing high-level opening up, actively integrating into the new development pattern, and attracting foreign investment. We’re introducing this special series, “2024 in Review,” to highlight the city’s progress across various sectors. This marks the sixth installment in our series of reports.Greening and parksThroughout 2024, Shenzhen planted 530,000 trees in parks, along roadsides, and in residential compounds. An additional 310,000 square meters of vertical greening has been added. The city’s gardening and greening standards have reached national standards for an ecological garden city.Shenzhen also enhanced park construction over the past year. Currently, the number of parks across the city has reached 1,320. Additionally, Shenzhen has fully used small pieces of green land to build small gardens and 100 community gardens.Greenways, cycling networkShenzhen constructed 308 kilometers of greenways, including 208 kilometers of hiking trails and 100 kilometers of urban greenways. Additionally, the city developed 40 featured walking trails. The total length of outdoor trails has surpassed 3,600 kilometers. Among these, the longest hiking trail in Shenzhen — the Kunpeng Trail — begins at Phoenix Mountain in Bao’an and ends at Qiniang Mountain in Dapeng, spanning approximately 200 kilometers.The trail features mountains, forests, lakes, streams, and coastlines, attracting over a million Shenzhen residents as well as domestic and international tourists for hiking. The Kunpeng Trail was recognized as one of the top 10 national hiking and outdoor sports destinations in 2024, making it the only hiking destination in Guangdong Province to receive this honor.The city plans to construct a citywide cycling network spanning 1,000 kilometers, as outlined in the Shenzhen Leisure Cycling Paths Special Plan (2025-2035). A 50-kilometer coastal cycling path, which connects the Gushu Wharf in Xiwan Mangrove Park to the Shenzhen River Greenway in Futian District, was completed.Garbage classificationThe recycling rate of domestic waste in Shenzhen has reached 49.1%, and the rate of kitchen waste classification has remained steadily above 25%. Currently, a total of 273 venues support the recycling of delivery containers. Five hundred and eighty local shops have joined the plastic reduction campaign.Shenzhen has also successfully transferred the carbon emission reduction of 1,232 tons generated by the city’s campus milk box recycling carbon offset project. This project serves as an incentive mechanism that encourages environmentally-friendly practices in daily life.Public toiletsTo advance the public toilet revolution, Shenzhen built or renovated 100 public toilets last year. Over 60% of the city’s public toilets are fully accessible.AI applicationsShenzhen has been continuously expanding the application of artificial intelligence in urban management scenarios, including drone patrols, intelligent mowing, unmanned sightseeing vehicles, and smart showers in parks. Over 230 sanitation robots have been deployed on streets.An application featuring AI and video functions covered more than 20,000 waste disposal sites, nearly 800 transfer stations, over 2,800 waste transport vehicles, and more than 100 waste treatment facilities.Shenzhen hosted the country’s first domestic artificial intelligence sanitation robot competition, which attracted seven sanitation robot companies from other regions to settle in Shenzhen.Dark sky communityThe Xichong International Dark Sky Community has been listed as one of the top 10 recommended destinations for the most beautiful starry skies in the country. To protect the dark community, the city issued related rules and organized a series of cultural and tourism activities, attracting many to admire night scenes in the community.To invigorate the city’s nighttime vitality, the city’s spectacular light festival, Glow Shenzhen 2024, features 76 groups of 209 light installations at 30 public spaces, shopping malls, and tourist destinations.Park servicesTo meet the diverse needs of park visitors, Shenzhen added 25 book bars in parks, 20 camping sites, over 100 sports and cultural facilities, and over 100 self-service coffee machines. More than 1,500 cultural activities were held in the city’s parks.It is worth noting that the second park coffee festival lasted for 17 days, setting a record for the longest duration of similar events in the country. The festival attracted 85 coffee brands and about 1 million visitors.Low-altitude economyShenzhen has been actively promoting the integration of the low-altitude economy with urban management. In areas such as park management, greening maintenance, and public works and environmental services, the city has introduced new applications related to the low-altitude economy.The city has implemented 11 drone delivery routes in parks, established drone patrols at 29 sites, and conducted drone disinfection for plant protection at 11 sites. (Wang Jingli)
Editor’s note:
As we reflect on 2024, Shenzhen remains committed to advancing high-level opening up, actively integrating into the new development pattern, and attracting foreign investment. We’re introducing this special series, “2024 in Review,” to highlight the city’s progress across various sectors. This marks the sixth installment in our series of reports.
Greening and parks
Throughout 2024, Shenzhen planted 530,000 trees in parks, along roadsides, and in residential compounds. An additional 310,000 square meters of vertical greening has been added. The city’s gardening and greening standards have reached national standards for an ecological garden city.
Shenzhen also enhanced park construction over the past year. Currently, the number of parks across the city has reached 1,320. Additionally, Shenzhen has fully used small pieces of green land to build small gardens and 100 community gardens.
Greenways, cycling network
Shenzhen constructed 308 kilometers of greenways, including 208 kilometers of hiking trails and 100 kilometers of urban greenways. Additionally, the city developed 40 featured walking trails. The total length of outdoor trails has surpassed 3,600 kilometers. Among these, the longest hiking trail in Shenzhen — the Kunpeng Trail — begins at Phoenix Mountain in Bao’an and ends at Qiniang Mountain in Dapeng, spanning approximately 200 kilometers.
The trail features mountains, forests, lakes, streams, and coastlines, attracting over a million Shenzhen residents as well as domestic and international tourists for hiking. The Kunpeng Trail was recognized as one of the top 10 national hiking and outdoor sports destinations in 2024, making it the only hiking destination in Guangdong Province to receive this honor.
The city plans to construct a citywide cycling network spanning 1,000 kilometers, as outlined in the Shenzhen Leisure Cycling Paths Special Plan (2025-2035). A 50-kilometer coastal cycling path, which connects the Gushu Wharf in Xiwan Mangrove Park to the Shenzhen River Greenway in Futian District, was completed.
Garbage classification
The recycling rate of domestic waste in Shenzhen has reached 49.1%, and the rate of kitchen waste classification has remained steadily above 25%. Currently, a total of 273 venues support the recycling of delivery containers. Five hundred and eighty local shops have joined the plastic reduction campaign.
Shenzhen has also successfully transferred the carbon emission reduction of 1,232 tons generated by the city’s campus milk box recycling carbon offset project. This project serves as an incentive mechanism that encourages environmentally-friendly practices in daily life.
Public toilets
To advance the public toilet revolution, Shenzhen built or renovated 100 public toilets last year. Over 60% of the city’s public toilets are fully accessible.
AI applications
Shenzhen has been continuously expanding the application of artificial intelligence in urban management scenarios, including drone patrols, intelligent mowing, unmanned sightseeing vehicles, and smart showers in parks. Over 230 sanitation robots have been deployed on streets.
An application featuring AI and video functions covered more than 20,000 waste disposal sites, nearly 800 transfer stations, over 2,800 waste transport vehicles, and more than 100 waste treatment facilities.
Shenzhen hosted the country’s first domestic artificial intelligence sanitation robot competition, which attracted seven sanitation robot companies from other regions to settle in Shenzhen.
Dark sky community
The Xichong International Dark Sky Community has been listed as one of the top 10 recommended destinations for the most beautiful starry skies in the country. To protect the dark community, the city issued related rules and organized a series of cultural and tourism activities, attracting many to admire night scenes in the community.
To invigorate the city’s nighttime vitality, the city’s spectacular light festival, Glow Shenzhen 2024, features 76 groups of 209 light installations at 30 public spaces, shopping malls, and tourist destinations.
Park services
To meet the diverse needs of park visitors, Shenzhen added 25 book bars in parks, 20 camping sites, over 100 sports and cultural facilities, and over 100 self-service coffee machines. More than 1,500 cultural activities were held in the city’s parks.
It is worth noting that the second park coffee festival lasted for 17 days, setting a record for the longest duration of similar events in the country. The festival attracted 85 coffee brands and about 1 million visitors.
Low-altitude economy
Shenzhen has been actively promoting the integration of the low-altitude economy with urban management. In areas such as park management, greening maintenance, and public works and environmental services, the city has introduced new applications related to the low-altitude economy.
The city has implemented 11 drone delivery routes in parks, established drone patrols at 29 sites, and conducted drone disinfection for plant protection at 11 sites. (Wang Jingli)
深圳报业集团版权所有， 未经授权禁止复制; Copyright 2010-2020， All Rights Reserved.Shenzhen Daily E-mail:szdaily@126.com